18	adjudicated	4	I feel like the trust I worked so hard to build and the work I put in improving myself by going to therapy, dealing with the anger and the fact I was quick to be violent (old habits die hard...), dealing with and accepting the fact I've also got ADHD and autism, becoming a better man and not following in the footsteps of my dad is just... gone. Destroyed. Utterly fucked. I feel betrayed and completely alone because she was the only person I trusted on this entire planet. I can't even look at her even 4 days later and I've barely spoken to her since.
361	adjudicated	3	It is intimately tied up in mine. She has a couple of friends but really doesn’t see them often, as previously stated she doesn’t have her own goals.. it just feels like she lives whichever life I live. She doesn’t do things on her own. She doesn’t have any sports teams she plays on.. no clubs.. doesn’t go out with her friends (well, very rarely). The more I think about this, the more troubled I become.
104	adjudicated	1	"I have a vague fear that I get when I'm ""alone"", or when such a situation is coming up. I put it in quotes as it is really when my wife is not going to be around. This weekend my wife and oldest daughter went away early saturday got back mid day sunday. I was home with my youngest. I had some mild fear about it leading up to it."
4	adjudicated	2	She told me that things had to go back to where we were before we ever went to the concert. I agreed, and stopped talking to her aside from professional responsibilities. NOW... in that period of time since two MAJOR things have happened. 1. Her mother was diagnosed with cancer.
156	adjudicated	2	I look in the mirror and all I see is fat, even though I'm smaller than a lot of people. Secondly, my sister decided to let my ex, who I broke up with, move in with her, and his new boyfriend. She intentionally told my brother not to tell me about the situation, and then she says that I wouldn't be upset if I didn't love him still. I'm not upset because I still love him. I'm upset because she's my sister.
350	adjudicated	3	"Am I a bad person for stealing food when I need to? I have a job but sometimes I'm broke for a couple days in between checks, I hate having to steal... I hate the anxiety and constant worry for the next 2 days that ""they're building a case on me and they're gonna crack me randomly at work or something"".. I was just starving... Today I had to steal some noodles and potato salad from 2 different stores as I was walking out of both I was watched by a worker... I feel like scum..."
32	adjudicated	1	It’s getting up above 100 here, and I’d like to have something I can easily carry in my car to give out since I’m working deliveries. Unfortunately I’ve been without a steady job for 6 months so I can’t do to much, but I was thinking about buying a bunch of plastic water bottles, freezing them, and carrying them in a cooler in my car to give out when I’m at lights. Would this be helpful? What other small or inexpensive things would help make the summer a bit more bearable?
205	adjudicated	1	As some of you probably know, I created a political survey last week about the correlation between one's political affiliation and one's favorite characters on The Office. I have gathered together all the answers, and I am going to reveal the favorite and least favorite characters of Republicans, Democrats, and Independents. I am going to start by revealing the Top 5 Favorite Characters on The Office for each political affiliation. Republicans' Top 5 Favorite Characters on The Office:  5.
81	adjudicated	2	My mother is a narcissist. A few months ago I pulled up my credit report and discovered that my mother had stolen my identity in 2015– but had just paid off the balance. I asked her about it and she admitted it without apologizing. A few weeks ago I was thinking about what I owe in student loans, and it wasn’t adding up. I asked her if she ever pulled out extra money for herself, and she snapped.
414	adjudicated	4	we had few arguements, then i stopped interacting with him. I myself did feel that i was in the 'teenage phase where you start having problems with your dad. I, according to him, was being irrational, rash, non-docile, difficult, nothing like he had seen before, haughty etc. He even slapped me ( his 23 , well i turned 24 this week, year old daughter), and then during the heat of moments he has , not just once said, that he wants me to go away, that he doesnt want to have to do anything with me, and he doesnt care where i go , what i do. So right now, yes i have decided to go somewhere, somewhere far, somewhere obscure , as somebody or rather nobody, start a  new life, start with nothing.
489	adjudicated	1	I am looking for people who are interested in being in the project. Please reach out to me if you are interested! Please do not take my photos for use without my permission however. If you need help, please call 1-800-273-8255 for the Suicide Hotline, or 911 for emergencies. To view this project, you can view it at my website at <url> \- I wanted to showcase the photos in the thread, but I cannot share photos in this thread.
474	adjudicated	1	Ive been with my partner for a little over a year now. He has mild autism and is hard for him to deal with anger and emotions. He tends to black out i n rage and just break and smash things. Sadly we are young and broke so thearpy has been a hard option to find for a decent price. He got physical with me the other day and smashed my head into a wall.
95	adjudicated	1	Should I stick around and save up my money? I mean college A and C are pretty good choices right? A is almost free and I could make the best of it, and C I could always figure things out my freshman year and then commute, and we could still see each other. Do you think we see each other too much? Should I limit my time with him?
355	adjudicated	2	I’m  asking yall how can I live life properly? Immediately after I threw up  in year 2, I never feared it happening again. I admit when this happened  I was in tears, and same in year 3- I was crying next to my mum by the  toilet but it was over quick and again- I was eating chocolate again the  day after. But now, nausea? Stop eating for the day.
65	adjudicated	2	However, his fits of anger kept going at the smallest things such as eating the rest of the corn chips or even mentioning politics that he doesn't agree with. This went on at the same rate of once a month or so until I turned 16, which is when I noticed that it probably wasn't normal. One occurrence of this was when I was trying to buy a pair of sunglasses, but needed to use his paypal as where I'm from you need to be over 18. This for whatever reason ended in him exploding in rage again, because he couldn't remember his password. He left the room, and grabbed me by the throat when he came back.
39	adjudicated	1	My PTSD was starting to flare up (due to potentially having to go back into the traumatizing situation) and I asked for assistance finding low cost therapy for that in my city and I was given an address to go to for that, as well as a program name for my physical disability. I went to the place about the therapy immediately, I also asked about the program which they had never heard of. I googled it and it says that that specific program is for a very different demographic living in group homes. I was confused but accidents happen with names changing all the time in government programs and such. When I went to my follow up appointment with the social work place, the front desk lady said I didn't have an appointment.
368	adjudicated	1	Title gives the gist of it, the link has a bit more info (apologize for grammar errors, my Aunt started the fundraiser and she is not the best at grammar) please help and/or share. It was in <location>, will probably be able to be verified with news reports later today as it is a very small town. Thank you <url>
236	adjudicated	3	She also wasn’t wearing her ring. She was also extremely upset when I grabbed her phone, which is locked with a password I don’t know, to hand it to her. Well on Monday we barely spoke during the day, and she was very quiet at dinner. Dreading what might come but knowing I had to ask I asked her if everything was ok. She said no, that she couldn’t marry me, couldn’t have kids as she would be a bad mother, and couldn’t see us being together anymore.
318	adjudicated	4	I have reduced my drinking a ton since i started it and by the second week I could already feel a major improvement in my anxiety and mental clarity, but it may have been largely due to my reduction in alcohol. In the past three days I have felt myself beginning to spiral and today I am feeling very very dark, very disconnected. I am such a low dosage I am wondering if maybe it's just not working and what I thought was it working was actually just reducing the alcohol intake? Because now all I want to do is crawl into bed.. or drink.. fantasizing about self harm. I also feel like I'm just obsessed with feeling bad and I am doing this to myself.
435	adjudicated	4	Not sure the best way to describe it but for the last week and a half I have had to be social and around people every day except for a couple of hours each evening and it is KILLING ME. I’m on edge constantly because I need a break to just start over. And now I’m on the way to a 3 day work seminar in another country and I feel like there is zero mental energy left. I get back and then have work on Monday again. Anyone else feel like they need a day or two alone to “recharge” their (mental) energy?
12	adjudicated	2	And here I am, several years later. But I hadn't expected to still be alive by now. So planning anything for more than a few hours in the future feels stupid and pointless. Self-harm and suicide seem like pretty decent options most days. As a compromise, I sleep, because being unconscious gives me a chance to not be in this world for a little while.
211	adjudicated	1	The judge had to postpone the court date. As of this morning janes mother appeared at the house and gave jane the NEW lease showing that jane is no longer on the lease and wants her out. She left almost immediately, to avoid the police that were called right away. And now she does not know what to do .... I wish I can help but I dont know either.
289	adjudicated	3	I laid there terrified not knowing what was going to happen. Not knowing when, or if, it was going to stop I was fighting back tears because I knew I had to keep trying to out smart him in order to protect myself and make Erik stop attacking me. When I fell onto the futon I landed on Erik's new hat that he bought when he was out earlier that day. As another tactic to calm Erik down, I asked Erik if he could show me his new hat. He stood there angry for a few seconds before answering yes.
243	adjudicated	2	I have a question about my ex who has a past of violence against women. I was never warned about it but I found out he was violent and I left. His ex has a full life restraining order against him.Now he is on probation for assaulting a police officer for 3 years in the past year he has gone to jail three times for domestic violence. His latest trip to jail was last week for domestic violence his third time. I was wondering what do you think his punishment will be since he's not learning his lesson from the punishments given to him and he just doesn't care.
241	adjudicated	4	I'm not competent to deal with life, despite being 21. I'm living like a parasite on my family. I'm so tired of not getting to sleep at night because I'm constantly worrying about the future and not being in control of it because I can't trust myself not to fuck everything up by panicking. It all just seems so absolutely futile. I don't know what to do anymore.
382	adjudicated	4	I recovered somewhat after a few hours but somethings changed now; I cant be alone without constantly feeling like Im on the verge of another attack. When my fiance is home Im perfectly fine, but as soon as she leaves for work (I work from home) I start to feel terrified, my feet and hands start sweating, I feel like Im about to be sick, I get lightheaded and I feel like I become wayyyy too conscious of my breathing to the point where I focus on it and it feels like no matter how much I exhale and inhale Im not actually breathing. I dont understand why this is happening....Ive never had issues being alone; now I cant even be alone in my own home. This feels like my life is ruined if I dont get it under control because I cant work like this. What the hell is happening?
457	adjudicated	1	As I get up from the end table, a bit dizzy, he takes the badminton racket and jabs me twice in the abdomen. The attack ends there, as I make my way to my phone to call 911, where I am chased out of the house before I can make the call. Everything ends there; I wait for police to arrive so I can grab my stuff and leave safely. The only property damage on my end was my glasses, which were mangled pretty badly, leaving a frame screw broken (frame falls out) and the nose rests warped. Police say they were unable to do anything because they think I was fighting back.
320	adjudicated	1	Wondering if anyone has this same problem and if anyone has found a way of overcoming it. Regardless of who messages me (family, friends, strangers) I avoid opening the message (text message, email, social media message, calls, voicemails) and avoid replying until hours later or even the next day. I don’t know why I do this, but I feel like it takes so much of my energy to open the message and reply and it’s almost like I don’t want to have a continuous conversation with anyone. It’s very bad for trying to maintain healthy relationships. Does anyone else suffer with this from anxiety?
64	adjudicated	3	Reddit, I need some quick advice about a situation I just encountered. Over the weekend I went home to visit my parents and within this time new neighbors moved in right next to me at my apartment complex. I come home from work and take a nap, but then wake up to a child's screaming and crying. Right after this, I hear a smack as our units have paper thin walls. I'm pretty sure I shouldn't have announced myself and just called the police, but I was so angry at the thought of what was going on next door I went over and pounded on their door.
335	adjudicated	2	3 days before, she called me, pretty upset, to say that she didn't feel able to come. Naturally I've learned that she suffers from panic attacks occasionally, and has also said that she is reluctant to try a full relationship because of worries that I'll outgrow her or find someone else (we HAVE gone on dates since she has said these things). Eventually I put the pieces together and began to understand her a little better, but I also have my own neurological obstacles that have affected my thinking with this girl. I'm going to do my best to lay them out now: -Like I mentioned, I have ADHD in a serious way.
19	adjudicated	2	The difference between nightmares and nigh terrors is diagnosed through sleep studies using tools that measure rapid eye movement. All of which tells me absolutely Sweet F*** All, let’s be honest. &nbsp; Sleep and our need for it is not entirely understood, many fantastic theories abound but what little we do states that it is a fundamental requirement for life. &nbsp;
260	adjudicated	3	About a year and a half ago, we reconnected at a mutual friends wedding. It seemed like we really hit it off! Talking to her felt incredibly natural, and it seemed like we had a great back-and-forth rapport the entire time! As the wedding reception wore on, more than one person who knew the two of us from 8th grade said I should ask her to dance again, just like in the old days! Needless to say, I jumped at the opportunity and asked her to dance at the first slow song.
234	adjudicated	1	I have been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks since I was a teenager. I have been to the ER more times than I can count cause I thought I was dying. For the longest time I thought that I was the only person who this was happening to, until I met a girl who was going through it too. It felt good knowing I wasn't alone but I still was in the dark and scared. As time went on I met more people who were going through the same thing and it really helped to have some one to talk to who knew what it was like.
204	adjudicated	3	He didn't remember, and didn't care that they weren't in the file any longer. He said he had 400 cases on his docket and couldn't remember something so trivial. He didn't care to look at my phone or email, because bond didn't matter when the case wasn't going to win. I started to feel like I was detaching and becoming defensive. The Prosecutor was aggressive, dismissive, and belittling.
179	adjudicated	3	Due to recent medical issues of mine (I was hospitalized for anorexia), we had to pay 1,000 dollars for my hospital bills. We paid our bills due to help from a relative, but now we have nothing left. My mom is sick and can't work, my brother is mentally disabled, as is my sister. I feel defeated, I don't want to beg, but I have no options left. Any help would be appreciated (We have been to our food bank, but four people consume a lot of food.
281	adjudicated	1	After that I ran to Mexico, just across the border to heal. I needed my daughter to get better to press charges. I didn’t want to risk him walking away free because my daughter wouldn’t talk. She was physically and emotionally hurt. For years without sleep, several visits to the ER because of panick attacks, plus terrible head aches caused by a cyst in the back left side of her brain.
31	adjudicated	2	Anyway, I just sort of got the news and don't even know if I'm posting this right. I don't even know what I'm ask for or how to do this. I feel embarrassed and vulnerable to everything right now. I'm sorry if any of this violates posting rules. I can give more information if needed in PM.
454	adjudicated	4	When I think about your reasoning behind not letting me homeschool back then, I realize now how much it contradicts your decision in ripping my extended family away from me. By pushing me to put myself out there and make new friends, I only ever feared that you would find a way to take them all away from me somehow. To this day, when I think of the word “family”, I think of (multiple cousins’, aunts’ and uncles’ names), etc. Not you. Not (sister’s name).
467	adjudicated	4	i’m 15, i don’t want to be anywhere near my dad bc of the shit he’s done and this has been going on for 4 years now. she also claims i give her an attitude anytime i do something. today i took the pair of shorts to fold and she looked at me and said “ are you really gonna grab them like that? your a fucking asshole. your giving me an attitude after all this shit?
227	adjudicated	3	I get that three mistakes in a row is nothing new, I've seen coworkers make that many in a day. I just can't shake the very strong feeling that this person may not be a safe person to be around and I have no idea if that is a helpful gut feeling or if it's a weird and new manifestation of the PTSD (I've never had this issue before, previously people only triggered my ptsd when refusing to let me leave or when being quite physically aggressive) Obviously I am going to talk to the PTSD counselor about this to see what they think but I have to decide about this appointment by first thing tomorrow (13.5 hours from posting) whether to trust them enough to keep the appointment, or to cancel it for now so I don't risk getting kicked out from appointment mixups. I'd try in a new city in a couple months when I have a stable living situation. Is there a way to gauge if someone is unsafe or if I'm paranoid?
298	adjudicated	2	I am unsure how to begin, but brief about me. I was a mess in my youth, half way houses, trouble etc, never got into drugs or drinking but did have a child young but her mother cheated then moved away, was sometime before we reconnected (she wanted child support and that was fine) but by this time I had moved to another country to get myself out of the existence I lived in. And this was going well, great career, started a family etc, all awhile building a long distance relationship with my eldest (not easy as they kept moving around). fast forward some years later, my eldest has attempted suicide due to many things but one being Aspergers making it hard for her young mind to cope with teenage hormones, so I made a choice to return to the US, to help her. I had to change careers, and try starting from scratch, brought my young family over and at first seemed all was fine.
437	adjudicated	2	Hi all. I recently moved to another country and it pretty much cost everything to get set up here. My roommate just moved out to start a new chapter with their significant other, taking pretty much all the furniture with them and naturally, rent has gone up. I'm wiped out until the 17th. I, my wife and daughter would appreciate any help to tide us over.
403	adjudicated	1	What can I do best to support her? Are there resources on this? I don't want to simply badger her to leave. I've tried to point her to better resources than me, but I'm not having much luck. I'm worried for her life.
89	adjudicated	2	I couldn’t stop shaking and now I can’t get her out of my head. I keep looking at the sides of the road any time I drive now. I don’t even know how this triggered my ptsd since mine normally is only triggered by losing my breath or having a heavy feeling in my lungs. Does anyone have any tips on how I can stop worrying about this again? If anyone’s wondering, I can’t remember much but I remember pulling over in a parking lot, calling 911, and passing out from a severe anxiety attack.
311	adjudicated	3	I don't remember always being like this, but over the last two years or so I have had a few tumultuous friendships/dating connections with people (I make deep connections quickly, or seemingly deep anyways with lots of self disclosure and vice versa) and after things don't work out I feel like I am lost and won't be able to cope on my own. I recently started talking to someone again after not talking to them for a few months, there was no bad blood between us we just decided it would be best to move on and not talk anymore. They reached out first about a month ago, then nothing. I have been going through it at work, feeling overwhelmed and anxious and so I feel stupid for doing this but I began talking to them again. I feel better, even if its slight.
100	adjudicated	1	To help us transition smoothly, please place all Thanksgiving-related anxieties in this thread. Any feedback is welcome - please reply directly to the sticky comment with your thoughts. If all goes well, we hope to expand this idea to the December holiday season and beyond. Happy Thanksgiving in advance from the /r/Anxiety Mod Team! <3
466	adjudicated	2	Brian has exactly the same responses. I know he is in a nightmare because I am fully aware of his breathing, his perspiration and his heart rate (a gift of growing up as a small child being hunted, there are some skills that are animalistic that I retain to this day). His service dog, Sasha, no longer wakes Brian up from his nightmares but stands up stretches, which is enough to wake me up and if I don’t fix the problem, she will wander over to my side of the bed lay her head on it and make that condescending “get a move on with it woman” growl she has developed. She loves me in that I exist and am occasionally useful. Smile.
302	adjudicated	2	He is our little angel and we are both gaga for him, but money has been extraordinary tight, adjusting to parent life and sleep deprivation has been tough for both of us. We were fighting and bickering a bit for the first time in his first months of life, but I figured that was normal for new parents. I work in the financial industry for a modest income (working hard currently to get to the next level where I'll make substantially more) and she works for an arts-based nonprofit. I have no particular attachment to the financial industry, it's just been a way to pay the bills and I find it interesting enough. She's a passionate artist though, always knew she wanted to be one, and it's really important to her.
288	adjudicated	2	How can I keep us protected? They have already been told they are unwelcome but the person we live with tried sneaking them in while we were sleeping. I have a child at home and need to keep him protected. We cannot leave, we don't have anywhere to go, nor the money to move at the moment. What are our options here?
141	adjudicated	1	Has anyone dealt with urinary retention as a side effect of lexapro? I've been taking lexapro for like 2 weeks or so, and in the past week it has become very difficult to pee, even at home (it sometimes takes a lot of pushing, and my bladder never feels like it's truly empty.). And the more I have to go, the harder it is, so I try to go often, like every 30 mintues or hour or so (even at night). I can barely eat or drink anything anymore. I did some research and it appears that urinary retention could be a side affect of lexapro.
408	adjudicated	1	If so, what methods have been most helpful? What changes in your relationship with your body have you noticed that have made the biggest difference? Has this method of therapy made it easier to keep triggers at bay or at least more manageable? Have there been any negative experiences with somatic therapy and if so what has been the most challenging part of it? Thank you for taking the time to read this post, I look forward to reading your responses.
130	adjudicated	2	Spring 2102 I began to see a man that I worked with and that only made my roommate jealous and angry. I went to a pdoc (who was basically a pharmaceutical dispensary and appointments only lasted 15 minutes) who diagnosed me with ADHD, generalized anxiety disorder and caffeine dependency. My ex-roommate(who had PTSD from fighting in Iraq and BPD) became jealous that I was hanging out with and spending all my time with a man that was not him, he began to hide my prescription anxiety and sleep medication so I would have to spend more time at my apartment and with him. Late summer 2012 I was able to catch him doing a series of illegal things, had him arrested for petty theft and evicted him from the apartment. I spent a couple months more in the apartment and ultimately ended up moving in with the man I had begun to see (he and I have now been together almost 5 years).
225	adjudicated	3	I worry that if I sit around too often, I will develop blood clots and die. Anything to do with death really. On top of that, I have been developing intrusive thoughts. But the worst part is that last week I was laying in bed and randomly became afraid that I was going to lose my sense of reality and start hallucinating. I have never hallucinated in my life (unless you count the 2 times that I tried psychedelics) and have never had this fear before but it scared the shit out of me.
2	adjudicated	1	I keep getting this... creeping/moving feeling in my stomach. Right below where my ribs part, maybe slightly to the right. I have no idea what it is but I've never had stomach issues with my anxiety. It just started in the past couple of weeks. Admittedly my anxiety has been a lot worse lately.
370	adjudicated	1	I don't know what to do and i need some help. Can anyone give me some insight into why he's being like this to me or what i can do? Is there anything saveable here? **TLDR: I [F26] am at my wits end with my partner [M27] being emotionally abusive, what can i do? [Duration 1 Year]**
434	adjudicated	1	I applied for disability, but was rejected. They said that although I will have great difficulty finding work, with adequate job training I could provide for myself. I agree with that. (I can't be around loud noises, bright or black lights, or strong smells. There are other restrictions but those are the main entry level position killers.)
98	adjudicated	1	The belt and plugs are a week old. The alternator is 2 days old and the battery and cable were replaced a few hours ago. The warning light is still on and even tho the car started the alternator isn’t putting out enough power. The car has been sitting for 24 hours now. Does anyone know what the issue could be or know anyone who would?
216	adjudicated	2	So, I've been homeless since about the first, but I was expecting this. What I wasn't expecting was the changes I've made in my life since becoming homeless. Thankfully I have a job, so I do have money. But I hate everywhere that's affordable to eat! I've been a big junk food/fast food fan for years, so I'm a bit overweight, but lately, I just don't seem to care for meat as much, and fast food is just so.. gross right now.
189	adjudicated	1	I've read that quality sleep, regular exercise, and fish oil all can help. Does that sound right? What are the best, non-pharma methods to help resolve anxiety? What about mediation (and is there a suggested starting point)? While I'm probably genetically more prone to anxiety, is it that I've let my body down somehow?
252	adjudicated	2	Alright so, for my entire life I've been a straight-A student. High honor roll every time. I never expected any less and neither did my parents, teachers, friends, etc. Over the past year (8th grade) I've developed anxiety, depression, and OCD. (Not self diagnosed.)
187	adjudicated	2	Like, I don't think they happen if I distract myself with the Internet or doing some hobby that I like.  I remember feeling like this at least once a week ever since I was around 15 or so.   I used to have nightmares about either fighting for life with my brother or my dad or someone else, or about seizures happening to me or people around me every day. Now I have them maybe once a week or two. I get something that feels like an adrenaline rush when I'm bringing this up, for instance as I'm writing this, or when my brother decides to visit my mom, and sometimes it just happens randomly.
201	adjudicated	1	"We met about 2.5 years ago, both somewhat fresh off our respective divorces. I felt we had a real connection, we fell for each other hard, dated (eventually lived together) for a little less than a year before she got pregnant. We were both really happy as we had both talked about wanting children - at the time we got pregnant we were ""not NOT trying,"" we had definitely had many conversations and were both on board and happy to have a child together. We felt we had met our true love in each other. Things have been rough since the birth of our son."
157	adjudicated	1	It was a higher amount previously, but I've been figuring things out each day to get by. At this point I may have exhausted all options. I can repay the money along with some interest once I get paid. Although I'd love to split that between this pay and next months if possible. If not, that's ok too.
421	adjudicated	1	"My university holiday is over in a week. I've been submitting resumes online for 3 months and haven't gotten a single response. It's understandable since I'm applying for pharmacy assistance job which is highly competitive. I've been reading ""Rejection Proof"" by Jia Jiang where the author tries to get rejected once a day and vlogs the entire thing in order to face his fear of rejection. One day, he decides to find a job but only work for a day."
331	adjudicated	1	I’m fairly new at directly helping the poor. Been creating bags to give out that has food, bandaids, nail clippers, tooth brush and toothpaste, small shampoo and bar of soap, and some items are gender or age specific. But what else would you suggest? I’ve heard of gloves and socks but not sure where to get them cheap and in bulk. I want to create at least 100 bags and do it a few times per year.
139	adjudicated	2	Best friend knows I have anxiety and I am always asking her if she's mad at me. Well, yesterday she asked if I wanted to go to the beach next weekend, I said yes, and then today I told her I couldn't because I was supposed to watch my sister's kids. She wants to know why I don't take them with us. It's a two hour drive, and I really just don't want to go. But then she says that I always say no when she asks me to go somewhere with her.
194	adjudicated	1	I'm living in my car right now which sucks because the radiator just got a hole in it and now I can't keep the AC on at night. I'm working a full time job but I'm not making enough to rent an apartment or even a hotel. What I need is some food. Something portable that won't need refrigeration. I'm former Army so I'm used to MRE's but I don't have anywhere local to get them.
222	adjudicated	2	I had poked fun at him for looking at /r/hentai or whatever a week or so ago, and I know I was pushing it too far, but I just thought it was amusing. I didn't think any less of him, and I told him that. I can understand him being embarrassed though. Anyway, last night I had been joking about looking at his browser history after seeing a recently viewed tab for porn. I figured it wasn't a big deal, since we both know each other's kinks and don't hide anything from each other (there's nothing worth hiding on either end).
114	adjudicated	3	This is good and bad... I was a STEM major before and probably would have had a challenging and high paid career by now, had my life taken a different course. However, post PTSD, I found myself extremely connected with the arts. I have intense emotional reactions to aesthetic experiences, and I think that’s largely responsible for the fact that I now work in a creative industry. I experience aesthetics in a unique way that I’m not sure resonates with the typical non-affected individual.
138	adjudicated	3	Please, I'm NOT looking for any handouts. That's the last thing in the world I need. I WANT to pay back every penny that's loaned to me. I just feel like this is too big of a loan to ask on /r/borrow, and I'm stuck in such a rut. I've found a few nice cars around here that I feel would fit the bill in the $2500 price range, and then tax, tag and title, and maybe a couple months of insurance payment.
128	adjudicated	2	I need to be my own person, however flawed I am. My panic attack ended at least 20 minutes ago, now. I think that is the end of this post. What more is there to say, other than, I am sorry for writing something so long? It is just who I am, I write long things.
175	adjudicated	2	It's really just standard-issue big corporation stuff. My direct manager slaps together the scheduling for our dept. at the last minute because she's overworked, and she's overworked because it's cheaper to make her do enough work for 2/3 people than to just open up an assistant position. I'm not getting enough sleep. I'm going off my medication because I can't make the appointments I need; my weekly schedule is a complete dice roll.
497	adjudicated	2	I am so ready to be better. Can I work through the CBT WORKBOOK alone? Has anyone tried? I’ll kick my search into high gear this week,  broadening my search to cities near me. I just want to do something positive before I do something I regret...or wake up in 6 months having done nothing..... which is worse?
267	adjudicated	4	and i still feel like im on meth 5 days later after sleeping less then 10 hours total over that time. im also going in and out of depersonalization and derealization when it gets really bad, and when i haven't done the twitch for a few hours I can start feeling really tired and depressed like my body needs to rest, only to do it again and instantly be jacked up and on a speed high again. this is honestly the most fucked up situation i could ever imagine and can  barely believe its even happening its so fucked up. literally feels like a bad dream. Please help
263	adjudicated	3	Discovering LimeWire was like breathing in fresh mountain air in the early hours of the morning while there is dew glazed over the leaves on the trees and surrounding grass. I felt a real connection with Post Hardcore/ Alternative. During this time I knew of Anxiety, but I didn't know OF it. In other words, I considered it a personality trait and not something treatable, more or less just apart of me. Playing video games secluded in my room and swimming on a variety of swim teams kept me sane to an extent but I was living in an isolated bubble.
155	adjudicated	2	Btw, I am only an exec.... I am afraid to have a gap in my CV, but for once in my life I want not to worry for a bit. Of course, during the next period, I will apply to jobs but I don't want to rush and take the first  offer. Anyhow, have you ever experienced something like this? What did you do to overcome it?
48	adjudicated	3	It got to the point that my friend would start going off on me, calling me names, and telling me what a terrible person I was. It was honestly getting too much to deal with. For awhile, I had to block her. I had to remove her from my life. I couldn't deal with the stress and I couldn't be the person they could go to when I was starting to become so mentally drained from the stress of her relationship situation.
293	adjudicated	4	How...do I do that? How much/how little should I say? How can I face my class and my RAs again now that they know I'm a nutcase? TLDR: Had a meltdown in trauma class, and I'm afraid it'll happen again. How do I tell my professor and prepare for the almost inevitable hellscape that is my inability to keep my shit together?
397	adjudicated	3	Everyday I have to wake up and choose to push forward & live or fall apart & die. Lately, it's been really hard to push forward & live. I'm tired you guys. I am so tired. What do I do?
24	adjudicated	2	Wrote this in about three minutes today. I need to work some things out but it is crazy how much writing has helped me in the past three and a half months. My therapist credits my journaling to the progress I am continuing to make. I want to send my thoughts to everyone posting on this sub, I am strong not only for myself but for you. Being in a toxic relationship is so isolating you don't even realize how many people feel hopeless and desperate for change.
255	adjudicated	2	I get intrusive memories, that are really hard to get out of my head, sometimes I actually flashback like I'm there. I have nightmares that replay old memories of me as a child, or sometimes of just her face. But it doesn't happen everyday. This is the first time I've really thought about frequency, I'll catch myself actively trying to avoid thinking about certain things. I stay away from where I used to live with her, every time I go to that town I have a panic attack.
277	adjudicated	3	Every single day I think about what happened, and it scares me to this very day. My hands go numb all the time with loss of sensation and my muscles are tense 24/7 I have a hard time believing it's anxiety but it most likely is because I've never had panic attacks before that incident. I've been on one antidepressant (Zoloft) for 3 months, and it didn't do anything. I was prescribed Venlafaxine but I'm too scared to take it due to the side effects. So yeah that's my story
106	adjudicated	1	**While at a shelter** Depending on the nature of the shelter, you may be asked to follow specific security rules designed to protect you, other residents, and the shelter staff. Although those rules may sometimes seem a little bit restrictive, it’s important to follow them for everyone’s safety. If the abusive partner had access to your cell phone or your account, you may be asked to remove your phone’s battery, and maybe even wrap it in tinfoil to block any transmissions. Although this may sound a little bit extreme, this might be done because a cell phone may be used to track you or find out where you’re going.
8	adjudicated	4	He doesn't let me have any friends i have one from highschool and he's been trying to get me to stop talking to her. saying she just has bad intentions and isnt a true friend but i know diff shes a good person. She recently asked me to start going to the gym with her and i said yes at first, but i told my husband and he flipped. Then he goes you dont need to and all this other stuff but right befour i told him he grabs my fat and says jiggle jiggle...Which just tells me.. you need to lose some weight which i do, I know ive gained alot since having our son...Or yesterday i was craving chips and i told him i was going to the store to get some things and he says.. No! go run around the house.. and continues on what hes doing.
439	adjudicated	1	It was hard on me. I let her know it but I also let her know I do it because I love her. She seemed to have an issue with me expressing myself. With stress from the school directly into the job itself she became distant. Less and less texting, feeling no need to communicate, moments of depression which she suffers from, low self esteem, her mom becoming ill and needing hip replacement at age 74 and not doing well following the surgery.
118	adjudicated	1	**Remember Need to Know**. Only tell people about your plans if they absolutely need to know and can be trusted. Limit the number of people that know your plan; even if you trust them, they may be tricked into giving up your location **Be careful of your browsing history**. Most browsers keep a record of websites you visit.
178	adjudicated	2	Best to work backwards. The first time I went in to an actual psychological professional to get them to weigh in on my condition was due to a flashback - The only one I've ever had and frankly pretty easy to deal with, which sets the tone for me. As far as the disorder goes, I got off pretty easy. Conversation to do with specific details of child abuse caused me to tap into a repressed memory of childhood abuse which I won't go into too much detail on in a public thread, though if anyone is interested in the context, I don't mind sharing over messaging. It was like when one imagines things under their own control - Conjuring images and sounds at will while still experiencing reality, but it wasn't under my control.
38	adjudicated	2	I've been texting Rebecca on and off for the last week, always about my breakup. Bill went through Rebecca's phone last night and saw she was texting me. He lost his mind. He won't speak to her, and said I betrayed him. I tried to explain that he is my best friend and even if I liked Rebecca I would never try anything, ever.
186	adjudicated	2	And I'm feeling continuously happy for the first time in a long time. But I'm pretty sure it seems crazy to anyone watching. In short: Has anyone recovered from trauma and felt this way? Has anyone developed schizophrenia or a bipolar disorder and felt this way? Is it okay to accept this?
349	adjudicated	2	"I assumed she would answer the question, or she would explore my feelings of inadequacy, or she would interpret the transference. But her response instead was the title ""I am not getting into this with you"". She then went on with how she did like me, thought I was an interesting and nice person. but I do not believe that, it is too unlikely. Besides, as an addendum to her refusal to speak to my question, it seemed false."
168	adjudicated	3	But she then came out of the bathroom a second time and attached me saying she was going to fucking kill me and started choking me. I did push her back against bathroom door just to restrain her. Not to hit her Just to try to figure out what was going on. It was the 3rd time i was attacked in 24 hours. I was scared.
359	adjudicated	3	This has only started in the last few days. My mood has been worse because it’s so fucking hot in the uk and I feel sticky and gross 24/7 unless I’m in the shower. Maybe dehydration is the reason behind my depressed anxious feeling? I really thought the meds were helping me before this so I don’t want to give up on them....but I don’t know what to expect right now. Sorry for going on too much, advice would be amazing right now.
406	adjudicated	2	I know after we talk, I'll be able to speak with Fred and Ginny, but they're not exactly objective observers. Anyway, thank you to everyone who commented, especially those who said I really needed to talk to Ron. I know it was obvious, I guess I just needed a push. Thank you to those who gave me that push. Really, thanks to everybody who commented and gave comfort and compassion to a stranger on the internet.
460	adjudicated	4	"and I giggled. He stomped towards me, mocked my laugh with an angry face and ripped the keys from my hands. He grabbed me by the top of my shirt and looked me in my eyes and said ""Stop playing these stupid F*CKING games"". That was my childhood. He'd abuse me and my brother."
429	adjudicated	1	I’ve truly been inspired to be more generous with complements and lifting others up. I’ll never know what affect it may have on someone! 💕 it could make their day. Also, it gets me outside of my own head. Just wanted to share my positive experience and possibly inspire someone to share kind words throughout the day.
224	adjudicated	3	I’ve tried to reason with him and tell him I love him and there is no reason for him to beat me and he says that he knows I love him and I should see that he loves me too but I don’t listen to him and not listening to him will cause me to lose everything. The physical abuse really has damaged me mentally and lowered my self esteem. I’ve been super depressed and I’m scared for what I’ll do to myself if I don’t get out or if I do get out of this  and have to live a life without him . We have a 3 month old daughter and he is in love with her. When he beats me I hate him but seeing him with my daughter makes my heart melt.
401	adjudicated	3	I don't get anxious over things that I know won't happen and i don't get anxious in social situations, but i feel like if i stay with my dad, who right now especially needs someone to be with him, I'll be thrown into an inescapable pit of despair because all I'll do is worry about him. But if I leave, I'll be the loneliest person on the planet, and I'll still worry about him because he's my dad and i really do love him. Not only that, but im a college student who takes 14-16 units a semester and I'll have to start working 30-40 hours to move out and i just feel like i can't do it anymore. I have friends who back me up in everything that i do but some days (like today) its not enough. I just want to be at least at peace with myself but no matter what option i choose i can't even manage that.
69	adjudicated	3	I’m leaving for the airport right now and i’m so fucking scared. I’ve been nauseous all day and already puked like 4 times even though i haven’t had anything to eat since yesterday. I will have to check my bags in and talk to the attendant and then go through security without holding up the queue. And then sit inches away from a stranger on the plane. At least I have a window seat.
228	adjudicated	3	I'm in my last year of my secondary school and we just had our mocks but that doesn't mean you can ease off the gas. I'm constantly rushing about trying to complete coursework by Christmas trying to revise feeling like I'm not putting enough effort in. my room is a tip and every time I try to fully clean it, it's completely wrecked a week later, I eat all my meals whilst revising (in my room) and the only social contact I have is at school I feel like I'm going crazy time is just passing me by and I'm not catching up i'm crying all the time and my health is just gone I'm getting cold after cold and fever after fever. I have no motivation to do anything I only revise because its all I can do. no amount of baths or trying to tidy my room helps what do I do?
212	adjudicated	2	Its like that, if you want or not.“ ME: I have no problem, if it takes longer. But you asked my friend for help and let him wait for one hour and then you haven’t prepared anything. Thats not what you asked for. Instead of 3 hours, he helped you for 10 hours till 5am...
161	adjudicated	2	How can I be a good boyfriend in this situation? I don't think she should “give up having friends” and I think she should hold on to the ones who suffer from similar issues and understand (and some of them are also great, kind people that she should hold on to regardless). I think spending time with other people than me is good for her, but she is so afraid of ruining things for others. TL;DR: Girlfriend has anxiety attacks and cancels plans with friends, not all friends are very understanding. I know how to comfort her when she's feeling down, but how do I otherwise support and advise her in the best possible way?
72	adjudicated	2	He is coming round tomorrow for a cup of tea and I want to broach the idea of knocking down his small shed for this larger and better insulated cabin, without offending or embarrassing him. How on earth do I go about this? TLDR: my blind neighbour is sleeping in a very small and very cold shed. He is profoundly proud of his self sufficiency. My husband and I have sourced better (mainly for peace of mind) but I don’t know how to broach the subject without offending or embarrassing him.
246	adjudicated	2	Recently however, he's been becoming more desperate with wanting to see me after him and his friends leave the bars. So desperate in fact, he'd be wiling to ditch his friends. In the past when he'd come over we would play video games, eat some food, and then go to bed. We have sex quite frequently, but never on these types of nights when he's drunk. We'll make out, and fool around but in most cases, no sex.
230	adjudicated	1	(I don't know how to tag this NSFW on my phone but it is. Edit: nvm figured it out lol)  Um... So I don't really know how to start this. I'm 25 now so I'll put my age at the time with the corresponding events.
391	adjudicated	5	"This new ""roommate"" lived 3 hours away in an post code envious town and seemed super sweet, funny and SUPER handsome with a successful career mapped out in front of him. I agreed to meet him for dinner half way between our homes, in San Leandro.. He showed up with roses, a million watt smile and a full arsenal of lies. Within 5 days he had made the journey to personally escort me and my belongings to his personal prison he had concocted for his next victim - me.. The first week he was sweet, attentive,... almost too kind.. Then one morning it all changed."
55	adjudicated	1	I have been dating my girlfriend for around 1.5 years now. We moved in together 3 months ago. I paid for the renovation costs, new furniture, and countless other items to get us started, totalling somewhere near $4000. She gave me about $200 to help with these costs during the initial move-in. Our rent is only $240 a month (no lease), so it's more than feasible for her to pay it, but she isn't great at managing money.
261	adjudicated	1	So. I have been planning my birthday party for over a month, I bought myself a beautiful dress, I am excited to do my hair and makeup and just live my best life. I moved to NYC 3 years ago and don't really have a lot of friends. I met a group of people in august and they have become my close friends. Of the 10 people I invited half the people can't come.
57	adjudicated	3	When my SO and I first started dating and she told me she had PTSD I though just being a good guy would be enough. Well just being a good guy is not enough when your with someone with PTSD. You can still trigger them even though you are a good guy. You can still get offended when they tell you they can't trust you even though it is the PTSD talking and not them. You feel like a failure when they tell you they feel hopeless and that nobody can help them.
352	adjudicated	2	Every once in a while I get the concept of death stuck in my mind. Thinking I’m not going to be here anymore, thinking my parents won’t be here, thinking what’s going to happen after I die. Just thinking about how we all are mortal. That gives me such bad anxiety I disassociate and I try to go back to normal, I can’t. I’m in that state right now and I really don’t know what to do.
360	adjudicated	4	the only thing I ever want is just to be in his arms. Basically, terrifies me back into his arms every fucking time. We'll say I love you, he'll hold me so tight. He's so warm, I'm craving soo bad to be in his arms rn tbh. I don't wanna go to sleep knowing hes not going to be in bed with me.
43	adjudicated	1	If I'm home and I'm home 50% of the time, I spend my time online with my friends. Even then, it becomes an issue. Faultily, there are days which I do spend the whole day playing with my buddies. But they were the only people I had interaction with outside of work anymore.   Btw, my girlfriend and I also work at the same place.
36	adjudicated	2	I didn't know what to do. I wanted to curse him, hit him, just. I was so angry. When he came to me and my sister's home, he wanted to talk about things with me. I simply told him that I'm not his wife so he doesn't owe me any explanation and that he should just leave.
251	adjudicated	2	He pretty much told me that he was angry and disappointed and would probably not forgive me for a while and that I owe him. I was going to go... I still want to. I just am looking at either going to this wedding and being evicted or not going and dealing with the disappointment. I don't feel like I have a choice.
91	adjudicated	3	So something happened over 3 years ago that caused me a tremendous amount of anxiety, and over the past few months the anxiety surrounding that event has come back? It doesn't make sense, I can't rationalize it either. This time around it's not as intense as it was then but I'm definitely experiencing the same thoughts, same anxiety. What the f do I do? I don't feel comfortable at all talking about it with a therapist and it's began consuming my life again.
117	adjudicated	2	I’m starting to eat far less and constantly poke at my fat, starve, compare myself to other girls and today, I’ve given into regurgitating and that has made me almost lose it. I did mention in a previous post that I have a huge phobia of vomiting, and I see that it’s combatting my body dysmorphia now. I’m at my nerves end. I do have times where I’m calm and collected. Reading a book.
215	adjudicated	2	He broke up with me, accused me of lying about my cousin, saying he never heard of her despite the fact he has. I ended up sleeping with my friend that night. Then there was the issue with him threatening to hide my belongings with an unnamed friend. I wouldn't get to know who. A whole bunch of crazy ensued.
198	adjudicated	4	You can still trigger them even though you are a good guy. You can still get offended when they tell you they can't trust you even though it is the PTSD talking and not them. You feel like a failure when they tell you they feel hopeless and that nobody can help them. It really sucks when all you want to do is love them and they can't accept it or feel it. Especially when they are the most amazing person you have ever met when they are not triggered and in their right mind.
165	adjudicated	2	We talked for almost 2 hours that night and she insisted that she didn't want to end things, just wanted to slow it down for a while until she was comfortable. She told me she had just gotten out a relationship before we met, and didn't intend to have such strong feelings for me and now she is just scared. I actually ended up really liking her which has been rare for me lately, so this is something i would like to hold on to if at all salvageable. The problem is we barely text (once a week or so), and have not hung out since that party. Is this a case of 'Just not that into you' so she's just trying to be nice?
297	adjudicated	3	"*Begins quoting a rap and making hand gestures* ""Go out and make a name or do something!"" Everyone ignores him. He came back to his bunk and starts mumbling, ""I hear you talking under your breathe man don't think I don't cause I do don't start with me today."" Not sure if that was directed towards me or not because I never did that, but whatever. He starts to leave and I start going,"
283	adjudicated	4	I feel like you don’t want to talk to me, he said I was fine talking to you this whole time but you giving me shit like this is making me not want to talk to you. Then I said Your being a fucking asshole you didn’t reply to my message till I messaged you again. Which is weird, and you don’t talk to me for over an hour at work. But now you don’t want to talk to me bc I’m asking about it? Then that’s when it all started I kept calling after that he ignored .
143	adjudicated	2	I leave and breakdown in the kitchen because I’m still scared and freaked out. And the fact that I feel that I have to apologize for being triggered and am unable to control my reaction infuriates me. The part that confuses me is that when I was assaulted as a child I was never held down. I was frozen in fear. So why am I panicking over this seemingly innocent situation?
271	adjudicated	2	I developed and was diagnosed with PTSD 5 months later. I was having trouble sleeping (still kind of do), hypervigilant, moody and suicidal at times. I never thought I would make it through...but looking back,I used every single coping skill possible to survive, even if that meant calling crisis every day. I'm not perfect today but I really see the light at the end of the tunnel. I look forward to my future.
56	adjudicated	2	They looked nothing like my growths. She told me I was misdiagnosed. I didn't have an std. I had sebaceous epidermal cysts. Had I never had awful sex, then I would have never thought the growths on my scrotum were stds.
475	adjudicated	3	But here i am, hours later, having a panic attack and wishing i could crawl out of my skin. It's really triggering a sense memory i have, so instead of remembering the event, it feels like it's happening right now. It is the most devastating ending to this day that could have possibly happened. I was feeling so brave lately. Does anyone else get sense memories?
272	adjudicated	1	I'm currently between jobs and looking to make money in any way I can, so I was wondering if anyone would be interested in buying a cross stitch commission from me. I can do any type of pattern or design, in various sizes. Here are some examples of things I've made: <url> I would really appreciate any help I can get! Times are rough and my mental health is not great right now, so it would be nice to have something to work on that would also help me pay my bills and medical expenses!
433	adjudicated	4	"in the end i just end up leaving, ignoring the question or just saying something like ""haha, i'm not really interested in that sort of thing"" or whatever. that's all fine i guess, but what really pisses me off is when people act like it's some kind of status symbol to be sexually active (we are 18, ok.) and treat you like an immature loser if you aren't. wish i'd known that it was cool and a good thing back when i was being abused, it could have given me some playground cred or something instead of a lifetime of trauma processing. lol! i know my anger isn't justified, that their intention is not to be offensive or rude, that i'm being petty and immature and that i shouldn't take offense from these typical teenage status things but sometimes i just want to tell people about all the horrible things i went through so they will shut the fuck up and leave me alone."
154	adjudicated	1	Save yourselves, and get a doggo if you can. *Make sure you have the financial stability, and get a dog that’s on-par with your dog experience. It’s important to remember they are a ton of work, large puppies especially, but the distraction is part of what helps. A lot of people get large, active, intelligent dogs as puppies and don’t understand they are a full-time job. For the protection of the dogs, if you’re a first time owner don’t get one that weighs over 30lbs when mature.
200	adjudicated	4	I’m not afraid of this guy, at all, and I have no idea what brought this reaction on, but I’m humiliated and feel terrible. I kept telling him I was so sorry but I just felt like an idiot, and I didn’t want to get into my past because it gets heavy. I just feel like I will never be normal again, I don’t know if I should talk about it, I’m frustrated. Any advice? I feel damaged.
53	adjudicated	3	When I ask him why he’s done this he says “Shut the fuck up.” He also “talks down” to me in bed, calling me slut, pig, and stupid. I am NOT into this and I never told him I was. When I am giving him fellatio he pushes my head down even when I am resisting and I choke. He has also pulled my hair, hit me and punched me.
385	adjudicated	2	I can't go into public restrooms because I freak out and dissociate with my surroundings. I can't watch certain shows because they were -on- in the hospital room. But I'm doubting myself, I'm doubting that this is real, that it happened and that I could be suffering from it. How to cope? how to stop doubting that this is happening?
312	adjudicated	3	I picked at it yesterday and made it worse. What do I do about this? I'm still convinced there's something there but nothing I've tried has worked. I've tried flossing and even using a small needle to dislodge whatever I _think_ is in there but it still hurts long after it's healed and it still bothers me like crazy. FYI I have trich and dermo as symptoms of OCD, anxiety, and body dysmorphia and is the main reason why I pick at myself
51	adjudicated	2	I constantly cancel plans on friends because sometimes going out is just too much. I recently heard about a friend of a friend who passed away at 25 from breast cancer and instead of empathy or sympathy, all I could feel was terrified fear that I would get diagnosed with the same cancer that she had. That was all I could think about - and that always happens when I hear about someone else dying. Ugh. I don't even know.
468	adjudicated	2	**I've been sober for a week and the change is awesome! ** I laugh, I stay active, I speak clearly, I look people in the eye, I get things done as I want to get them done - immediately. Living a different reality. If anyone here is being controlled by these substances I just want to remind you that they are holding you back. These coping mechanisms are making you doubt yourself and not allowing you to progress - not allowing you to know yourself without them.
345	adjudicated	2	I needed to run some errands, but it was a Saturday afternoon when stores were usually too busy for me, but I felt so great I decided to try it. I went into a busy store and actually waited in line to pay infont of a very obnoxious couple who didn't understAnd personal space. I was totally fine. I couldn't believe it. In other situations i'd have to avoid the store all together or walk around the store until the line went down or I'd get dizzy and start freaking out, get to the point of feeling like I'm going to pass out.
233	adjudicated	2	"My girlfriend and I have been amazingly strong for the last 8 months, shortly before new years she told me that she feels very much in ""love"" with me but ""doesnt feel right"". She wanted an unknown amount of time away from the relationship saying only a couple of weeks and still wanted to keep the same ground rules as when were together (monogomous, etc..) Shes vague when i try and talk to her about it, stating she just feels like somethings wrong and that shes doing this so she can fix her self and come back to 'us' stronger I talked to her again last night and as always shes adamant this is because she loves me and wants us to work more then anything... Shes never lied to me before, not even over little things so i have no reason to doubt her intentions. Basically i said i feel like her backup and i wanted to breakup untill this 'problem' is resolved so today we split for a month"
237	adjudicated	3	I'm completely overwhelmed. I think this process is about the best I can think of (below), but I really, desperately just want to dive back into my career. Am I wrong to think I'm not emotionally ready? Should I force myself to wait? Is there anything else I could plan on doing?
317	adjudicated	3	But I just can’t do what I need to do because I am terrified that I am doing the “wrong” thing, regardless of what decision I make. But the current situation (doing nothing) is extremely detrimental as well. I feel like a total loser and I am deeply ashamed of this anxiety, though I know that it is nothing to be ashamed of. I’m confident in so many areas of my life, but anxiety targets me and I become immovable. This is one of those times.
450	adjudicated	4	Every day I am in rage mode listening to her pure stupidity and trying to argue stupid things. I'm on the verge of absolutely blowing up on her but I would lose my job. Please give advice on how to deal with an extremely difficult coworker before I absolutely lose it!! ! Tl;Dr crazy coworker is affecting my work.
324	adjudicated	1	Hold on, this is going to be a long one folks. I met Alex at work about a year ago. We collaborated on few projects being in similar roles but never worked directly on the same team. When I first met him, I wasn't romantically interested in him. I was in a relationship and I knew the age difference and it was just not something that would be on my radar.
170	adjudicated	5	"Not really sure why I'm posting this but just for my own sanity I suppose, to say something this beats just going into the woods and screaming at trees which I feel like doing often. I have PTSD ,chronic depression, anxiety the whole circus of fun from my time in the Army (15 years). I feel like im on the verge of a psychotic breakdown, literally almost all of the time. Im either so depressed I can hardly move, have little energy and general fatigue OR im so angry I could kill everyone around me. There was a line on a tv show (Vikings) where the main character says ""I feel like im always torn between killing myself, or everyone else""."
266	adjudicated	2	I had a pretty creepy experience almost a week ago. I've never had a hallucination like that. So disconnected and vivid and super weird. I was anxious because I was in a building filled with people. Then all of a sudden I hallucinated where I was in a dark room all by myself.
133	adjudicated	1	He seems hesitant to leave his friends and says he watches out for them. And he's not ready to quit drinking. Which is totally honest and fine. How can I be a help to him? As far as getting him some things he needs and any advice on what to say to him.
430	adjudicated	1	I'm not massively worried about it at the moment because it feels good but my question is: Is this a normal symptom of PTSD and if it continues tomorrow, should I call 111 for medical advice? I'm home alone for the next few days, should I try and stay at a friends? Thank you! Edit: Thanks for the advice, I have got in touch with my doctor and they are going to give me a call later today. Hopefully I can get this sorted out soon!
15	adjudicated	3	All of my money goes to rent, utilities, and credit cards, and delivery food a few times a month when I'm too beat to cook. My boyfriend was nearly broke as me, and was leaning on my credit and foodstamps from time to time, leaving me in significant debt. We are breaking up after five years, because my pelvic organs are collapsing downwards, making for painful sex. He hung in there for three years of sexlessness, so I can't fault him.... but he's leaving in the next few months as soon as he gets the money to move out. I've got to figure my shit out.
13	adjudicated	2	I'm just really excited right now and I want to plan for what is best. I don't want to make a purchase out of emotions so I am coming here for some advice. It's been tough and lonely but I have been getting into the best shape of my life and I just feel a lot more confident. I know I will come out of this. Also I i realized that laundry mats is getting pretty expensive.
147	adjudicated	3	"No history of DV, married 8 years, together 10 years, nothing like this has ever happened before. We have two children, 2 & 5 that unfortunately witnessed nearly everything. Sunday night we had both been drinking, she was significantly more intoxicated than I (likely due to not eating much that day.) She came out of our bedroom and started ""doing"" the dishes - slamming everything in the process. I raised my voice telling her to go to bed and I would handle the dishes - she snapped, started screaming, hitting me in the chest (slapping to be a little more precise if alcohol+adrenaline actually allow for vivid memory recollection) before I know it she has a knife - I take it out of her hand and grab the second knife that was in sight (dinner had recently been prepared, we used multiple knives to do so) I threw them both in the trashcan, but her rampage continued and she soon had yet another knife in her hand, this time pointed directly (or close to) her heart, stating that she wanted it to all be over, never wanted any of this (we relocated 800 miles for my work approx 3 weeks ago and left behind every friend and family member we have that could help either of us right now) I grabbed both of her wrists and we struggled, we both hit the ground and I held her down until I could remove the knife from the situation - at some point I was stabbed just above my thumb even though I did not realize it until minutes later."
346	adjudicated	4	"Eventually my vision started to fade and I started losing feeling in my hands and feet. My mind started to wander off to things other than my struggle for air, and one thought stuck with me ""the sun is really bright and warm on my face."" With that thought, I closed my eyes tight and felt the strength starting to leave my arms. I felt my chest and abdomen twitching trying to expand and pull in air and I thought to myself, ""I'm going to die. I don't want to die."""
423	adjudicated	3	I feel so vulnerable and unsure of myself all the time now. I didn't think it would affect me this way. I'm so tired of eating ramen noodles and granola bars. I'm sick of seeking out the cheapest coffee shop that has wifi. I'm sick of feeling like a burden.
17	adjudicated	4	My daughter's father I was with for 5 years on and off. He was not abusive the first year, however when he became so I left and found out two weeks later I was pregnant. Of course he begged and pleaded for a second chance, and I believed that my daughter deserved me to at least give it a shot. I came back and surprise surprise it was worse than it ever was. I stuck it out until he disappeared for the eleventeenth time on a drunken bender, I checked my Facebook to find some scumbag girl who was dating one of his best friends was posting horrific, nasty, way out shit about me.
259	adjudicated	4	I've been trying to get in contact with her because I'm scared and worried about her. She isn't answering my phone calls, and will only give a vague text response with an I'll call you later while she is at work. Or HE will text me back and say she is fine and can't talk right now. I spoke to 2 of our mutual friends today and she isn't speaking to them as well. I can feel it in my soul that he is going to seriously hurt her or those babies.
202	adjudicated	1	I read somewhere that feeling like you can't swallow is a symptom of anxiety. It usually only happens when I take pills, but lately it's expanded to nearly everything I eat or drink. It helps if I'm moving or fidgeting with something, but my family has started noticing. It makes me avoid eating with others when I can, or just eating super slow. It's become a fear of choking or asphyxiating  now.
428	adjudicated	1	So I've got out of my situation. It was very abusive on all levels. Mental physical verbal. I've got a protection order and custody is pending but I'm expecting it to go my way as well especially as I've got the same judge who granted my protection  order. I've got our son with me.
392	adjudicated	1	"I've Shazamed it, I googled it. When I had a podcast, I even asked my listeners if any of them could tell me any information about it. Nothing. So now I'm hoping someone out there knows anything about the band, the song title ( my guess is that it's called ""The Bus"") The song is <url>"
86	adjudicated	4	Why fix the leak when the rubber mallet driving the cork into the hole disturbs the family when the damp doesn’t bother them quite so much at the moment. Never mind the water is rotting the floorboards. Never mind the mold growing in corners. Never mind how sick I get from exposure. Now here comes the real question: Do I abandon the ship or go down with it?
443	adjudicated	2	My boyfriend and I got into a really bad fight the other night and it ended with him throwing a full waste bin over my head while I was sitting on our bed. To clarify- he threw the trash in the waste bin over my head, the actual bin didn't  hit me. Although, even so, I know it's not great. He's apologized but I'm still feeling really shaken up. I'm not sure what to do.
398	adjudicated	3	My car broke. Again massive stress, helplessness, and hopelessness, as if the walls are closing in on me. I knew a bit of mechanic work and decided to fix the car myself. After a few weeks of investigation, learning, part orders, etc, etc I did fix it. But it wasted a lot of my time though.
449	adjudicated	1	Manageable enough to come home on weekends and work at the job I loved, while driving back to school Sunday nights for the upcoming school week. I was confident in myself that I would be able to balance my newly found work-school life. The apartment I signed a year lease on, which ironically ends this month, was about a 10-minute drive from the campus itself. Not having any help from my parents, and having some money saved prior to going back to school, I thought it would have been enough. I ended up also getting an on-campus student job in the same line of work I am pursuing, and at the time majoring in at that University.
321	adjudicated	4	Regarding my abuser, I still feel my heart ache with compassion, and the understanding that no human being is born a monster; it is an environment poisoned with violence they grew up in that guides them into life as an abuser. I have prayed every single day for John Doe and his foster family, in the hopes that he can overcome his inner demons and lead a life of peace. But if and when he finds a new woman to victimize and rob her of dignity, worth, and benevolence, I feel proud that I have taken steps to ensure that even if she is too afraid to step forward, I have taken that first step in her honor. I feel proud to have set the precedent to lead him on a path for growth and healing if he chooses. I feel proud to have broken that silence.
109	adjudicated	2	I'm stuck on my couch alone with bronchitis.  I'm passing out to sleep every hour, and obviously not safe to cook or drive to one of the few open places on this holiday. Due to my bad financial situation after a job was delayed by a month, and another large medical bill, ordering out isn't possible. If anyone in the San Bernardino area would be willing to drop by some soup or hot easy to eat food, I'd appreciate it so much. Thank you and Happy Christmas Eve.
93	adjudicated	2	I don't know how to maintain my relationship with my brother while he still lives under my parents' control \(which covers everything from finances, to communication with other people, to leaving their house \-\- or rather not being outside the house without them other than for school and work\). I'm lucky enough to have a few wonderful friends who supported me in various ways while I've been getting situated, but I don't know how to grow my friendships with them now that I have the freedom to. I got so used to not talking much to them as their other friends would, and I guess they're used to that from me. With new people that I meet, I find it very difficult to relate to their lives. I feel uncomfortable answering questions about myself, my past, and my background.
295	adjudicated	5	I'm afraid that I could also give her those snapchats. Usually I wouldn't care but first of all I know how much it would hurt her if She had seen it. I hate myself for lying but I just know how much it would hurt both me and Her, I also love Her more than anything or anyone else. I told her I won't be talknig with anyone and that I don't like anyone in that class (which I did). I have no idea what I should do, if I tell her that She's goin to breakdown and quite possibly break up, if I don't do anything it's gonn get even worse but I also can't tell that to her, I just can't hurt Her or see her get hurt and I just can't even imagine loseing her, especially because something that I know well I fu*ked up and could and should have been avoided but it happend althozght it shouldn't and I can't stand it.
441	adjudicated	3	i don’t bother with people and frequently ghost them or cancel plans last minute whereas before i was a very loving and sociable person. i generally don’t trust anybody, and i fret that people i am very close to are secretly horrid and manipulative and going to stab me in the back. so basically, my reactions to the world have regressed back to as if i were still there and interacting with those people. all this began to develop months after i left that bad situation. for ages i was normal.
286	adjudicated	1	Hi, I'm sorry if this doesn't fit here as I'm new to Reddit. I originally posted this in relationships advice but it was taken down due to the mention of abuse. The original post went like this: I met my exBF online when I was 13, he was 18, almost 19 at the time. To cut it short, he groomed me into accepting abusive behaviour from him which carried on when we moved in together when we were 20 and 25.
121	adjudicated	3	**TL;DR's** 1st: Why would parents be like this to their kids? Thinking they need to be treated like a king, or willing to say they wish their kids would just vanish isn't normal parenting, right? Or am I just insane? I know I'd never do that.
9	adjudicated	1	Hi, everyone! Just a warning, kind of a long story, as you can probably tell from the paragraph. So my relationship with anxiety has always been a thing, at least from what I remember from childhood (undiagnosed OCD). But recently my anxiety has gotten worse, no thanks to unfortunate events over the past few years involving 3 family deaths and the loss of a childhood home and pets. While I have always been kind of an anxious person, I have upgraded (downgraded?)
176	adjudicated	2	It is having a major strain on our relationship as he obviously wants to be involved but essentially I am unloading all my worry onto him. I am really unsure how to move forwards from here. If I think I am being irrational and hold in my anxiety, he says I am not communicating with him about it. If I open up and tell him, I feel like I am a burden and it makes me feel guilty and pretty low that I'm feeling this way. Any advice would be appreciated!
195	adjudicated	3	My flaws seemed huge to me, and I assumed everyone thought negatively of me all the time. My life was consumed by a spiral of negative thoughts and social anxiety. I went to my doc, admitted my social anxiety, and he prescribed me Lexapro 10mg/day. I took my first pill a few days ago, and not two hours later, I had nearly complete relief of my anxiety of all kinds. The bad thoughts completely stopped.
432	adjudicated	1	I'm a 20 year old guy and go to school with 3 friends, a 20 year old guy, a 20 year old girl and 19 year old girl. All 4 of us have been friends for a few years. All of us are interested in art/drawing and took an art class together last semester at the college we attend. While we were all chatting over break, one of the girls made a comment that it would be nice if we could get more practice with drawing the nude figure since she is taking a class on it this coming semester. I commented that if she wanted, the 4 of us could form a practice group, with each of us taking turns acting as a model.
458	adjudicated	3	We seem to be talking and accidentally being together more often in school, making what I think are feelings towards her only stronger. I can't bring myself to bring this up with her because I'm scared that we will have a repeat of February again. I love her so much but I feel that if I have these feelings about other girls am I really devoted to her? This is in no way her fault, she has done nothing to deserve my questioning of my decision, this is my problem and mine alone. I am reluctant to bring this up with her because I'm worried that she might break up with me because I do truly still love her I'm just wondering if this other girl is a passing thought more focused than earlier and something I can overcome.
278	adjudicated	1	Hello, This is my first time posting here and I'm not entirely sure what the protocol is or what the requirements are. That said, rent is due in three weeks and I'm worried that I won't make it in time. I'm here exploring options and seeing what assistance, if any, I could get to make it to next month. I share an apartment with my brother in Denver, who has a somewhat stable job and is able to pay his rent.
348	adjudicated	1	I will make everything as clear and concise as possible: Backstory: My late grandparents home, the home I was raised and still currently live in, is being short sold to a relative by the bank. My grandparent did a reverse mortgage, died and their home went into foreclosure, got put up for a short sale, and is now in the closing process. The relative who's purchasing the home clearly wants to profit off of the home and is warning me that in the coming days it'll be time for me to go. Unfortunately, my next stop will be a shelter as I have no money saved up to move into an apartment of my own, nor do I make enough working part-time to pay rent, and I don't have many ready available options that I'm aware of.
16	adjudicated	1	Anything from elbowing someone in the face to completely letting loose with a knife or a baseball bat. It can be mildly amusing for a moment, but I find it actually calls up a distress response more than anything else. I start to feel my head ache, my shoulderblades become taut and sore, and my throat close. My heart rate also increases and my breathing becomes somewhat more laboured. I know this is unhealthy, and I will be addressing it with my therapist, however I was hoping to  get some input from fellow reddit users with PTSD.
183	adjudicated	2	Last week while my girlfriend was out of the country I noticed our puppy Luca wasn't acting himself. I took him to the emergency clinic and after some tests they told me he would require immediate surgery or we were at a high risk of losing him. The surgery was costly but necessary, however we are now having difficulty paying our bills. We have reached out to family and friends for support and are now searching for any help we can get. Thank you for taking the time to hear our story.
426	adjudicated	2	Also I can't think about both of them without getting angry and jealous again, but to talk to each of them is actually helping me a lot.   ---   **tl;dr**: Three Friends where one M was fallen in Love with F and F was fallen in Love with the other M, which isn't feeling anything for her as an Girlfriend. We could be the best template for an 2,5h long Teenager-Drama.  ---
41	adjudicated	2	But the life at dads was always kind of not ok? He drank and was angry a lot. His moods would change quickly and at times it was hard to figure out why he was angry. He yelled and throw things and sometimes shoved me around too, but me he never got that physical with like he did with my oldest brother. My dad also cried a lot and forced me to listen to him talk about his sad childhoos and then had me comfort him.
427	adjudicated	2	It seems that as of now our best option is just to babysit her for the weekend until she can see a doctor on Monday. Which really, really fucks my weekend, but so be it. FINAL UPDATE: Thanks for all the support, friends. We did end up calling emergency responders for her about twelve hours after my last edit. She was going full-bore psychotic, and it was getting to the point where I was no longer sure she wouldn't attempt to harm herself.
377	adjudicated	2	"My girlfriend - let's call her Moon, has been best mates with ""Toe"" for about two years now. They met at uni where they are now third years. I've always found toe to be a little abrasive and judgemental, but we got along pleasantly enough for the first few months of my relationship with moon. I've now been dating moon for ten months, and for he last seven, toe has been nasty to me face-to-face ( but only when we are alone) - if she sees me in passing for exsample. Otherwise she just completely ignores my existence."
322	adjudicated	1	**While traveling to a safe location** **Don’t take the most direct route** to your destination. When you leave, head off in the opposite direction from where you’re actually headed, just in case someone sees you leave and may tell the abuser which direction you went. Afterwards, double back and take another route to your actual destination. **Know what to look** for to make sure you’re not being followed.
213	adjudicated	2	On top of that They've now shut the restaurant down for two days out of the week and we close three hours earlier every single day. My hours are being severely cut because of this. I'm looking for another job at the moment. This is all so hard for me to deal with mentally. I'm not really worried about relapsing on anything but my stress and anxiety are just sky high.
296	adjudicated	4	I'd never heard this idea until recently, and I'm starting to see it cropping up more, always in opposition to any kind of support (or even empathy) for the homeless - any attempt to help the homeless is pointless because 'most' homeless people want to be homeless; therefore housing programs/assistance, mental health & substance abuse support are wasted because the homeless are too lazy to get themselves out of homelessness and 'enjoy' their condition, because they don't have to work, because they don't have to pay bills, because they don't have responsibilities, because they're lazy etc. I strenuously disagree with this, and I feel like it's an attempt to move the goalposts; there's a growing awareness that homeless people may not necessarily be homeless because they got themselves into that position and they 'deserve' it, but because of substance abuse issues and mental health problems, coupled with a breakdown in social network. But that's a lie, or 'lefty propaganda', for some people; they want to believe, despite whatever legitimate reasons some homeless may have for not being in shelters, say, that it's a *moral failing* \- going full circle, they don't deserve help because their homelessness is a consequence of decisions they made. Thoughts?
323	adjudicated	1	Even though those we hold in the highest regard appear to be fine, they may be struggling inside. With the PTSD Project, I want to show how Post Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD - effects military veterans, first responders, and family of those who are effected by PTSD. I am looking for people who are interested in being in the project. Please reach out to me if you are interested! Please do not take my photos for use without my permission however.
416	adjudicated	2	I don't know what to do. We have two weeks. My girlfriend is a single mom with two kids, but her ex-spouse is primary and she pays him child support. We are both struggling to get sustainable work, currently jobless, will lose the kids, and simply can't get funds to continue living in the rental we're currently in. Time is ticking and I'm very scared.
169	adjudicated	2	I have a lot of self esteem. I value myself, I believe I'm smart, have a good personality and am attractive. Some days though (perhaps most), I will still get anxiety. I'll start to talk to some people and for no reason at all feel my heart rate go up and start to overthink the things I say, which then leads to me coming off as awkward. This doesn't happen with the people I'm fully comfortable with.
265	adjudicated	2	For the innocence you wish you could convince me to see in you. For me. I have said everything that I wanted to. I ask of you to not come home and start a dialogue with questions, but rather with answers. I will not be responding via text.
314	adjudicated	2	I was struggling to read the situation between us. My head was telling me she liked me but my anxiety was telling me I was wrong about this and not to pursue any sort of romantic relationship with her. I ended up getting a little drunk one night just before the new year and was texting her, I realised how much more at ease I was talking to her when I was drunk and that I quite liked her. I felt like I was being weird when I was sober too and i didn't like that. So I decided that instead of hiding my anxiety I would open up to her about it.
344	adjudicated	1	Yep, you read the title correctly. I get anxiety from my dog, more specifically leaving my dog alone for extended periods of time. I got him when he was a puppy and at the time I lived at home with four other humans and my parents two dogs. We all worked different schedules so he wasn't left alone very often, and even when we were all gone there were other dogs their with him. A little over a year and a half ago my bf and I moved in together and my dog had some really bad separation anxiety at first.
45	adjudicated	1	"However, my mind is set on the possibility of diabetes or MS as an explanation for my symptoms. My depersonalization has come back strong and I've felt very tired recently and I don't know what is symptoms are causing/caused by other ones. I've been anxious this whole semester to a high degree but I've never felt symptoms like these before. Someone help? EDIT: For reference, I'm 5'9"", 173 lbs"
153	adjudicated	2	I've had other things happening - lack of direction in life, nervousness about getting a job, feeling lonely by neglecting friends to do work and internships. I don't know if I don't love him anymore. I don't know if I can get past my resentment. I don't know. **Tl'dr: I feel numb to my boyfriend after a series of arguments/events that have left me not feeling loved or like a priority to my boyfriend.
70	adjudicated	2	He’s abused my dog in the past and I’ve no doubt he’ll do it again. My dog is one of the only positive aspects in my life, so taking her to the humane society is something I really want to avoid. In addition to that I have no job, a partial college education (I’d prefer to stop going to school and get a job), and no place to go if I were to leave my husband. Please please tell me what I can do. I feel so hopeless about everything.
274	adjudicated	1	###Hello everyone!, We hope you've begun defrosting your turkeys in preparation for a delicious meal. As the holiday season begins to ramp up, we've decided to try a new approach to handling the influx of Thanksgiving-related posts we normally receive every year. We're excited to be launching a Thanksgiving MegaThread, a single post for users to share their turkey-day anxieties and support others. Our goal in this trial is two-fold:
148	adjudicated	1	Hey everybody. I'm not really sure else where else to possibly post this. I'm currently between jobs and looking to make money in any way I can, so I was wondering if anyone would be interested in buying a cross stitch commission from me. I can do any type of pattern or design, in various sizes. Here are some examples of things I've made: <url>
112	adjudicated	2	I always have to touch my face and trace my fingers along my body because it's so odd to know that I am real. That I am alive. I often now sit and think about what I am made of. How behind my skin is a complex make up of organs that keep my unique body and overly aware mind alive. I think how inside my skull is an organ that is thoroughly condensed and holds vast amounts of knowledge.
354	adjudicated	1	<url> For information and help on other veteran related issues, this is a great resource. <url> Over the last five years we've supported about 1600 veterans in Wales, it's been an incredible learning curve. I've seen so many amazing transformations and want anyone that's going through PTSD right now, to hang in there and reach out for help.
90	adjudicated	3	"Are there federal or state (IN) laws that govern shelters for shelters that don't accept any federal funds? According to a news story I have found on this shelter they don't accept federal funding, grants or any kind of corporate or foundation funds. There are so many things going on here that don't seem legal, and many more that are totally unethical. I've been here for a month and here's just a couple of the things that are jumping out at me: * Our meds are kept locked up in a cabinet in a room accessible only by staff and ""resident staff"" (which also seems like a HUGE conflict of interest.)"
471	adjudicated	2	First I'd like to say thank you for taking time to read and consider my post. Funds would go to gas, medications, rent, etc., currently we are a little short on rent. I am in the Seattle, Washington area. I have suffered from chronic migraines for about 15 years now. I have also suffered from Occipital Neuralgia (which is Trigeminal Neuralgia's ugly sibling) for some time and just diagnosed as of the last two years now.
464	adjudicated	3	"When I was 17, my mom turned her attacks on my writing into high gear. She constantly berated me about how pointless, worthless, stupid and childish it was to write. How I'd never make it as a writer. How I'd be poor and alone. How (again) I needed to stop doing ""childish things"" like writing (and any other hobby/passion she decided to attack that day) and grow up."
78	adjudicated	2	I am not used to this. I have tried to get as much help as possible and as soon as I am done filling out paper work and get all my affairs in order we have an offer of a place to live (2 hours away).  Every night has been OK. (Uncomfortable sleeping surface) We feel safe where we are staying in our car but tonight it is so windy and it's rocking the car. I am scared. Is it dangerous for us to be in my car in a bad wind storm?
160	adjudicated	2	"My other brother is quite religious / catholic - not sure how this will impact how he reacts when he finds out. Also, my husband now finds it very very hard to be around my brother when my mom and him and his gf get together for family occasions. I don't find it totally difficult, because he's always been in my life and I've gotten so used to just burying it and forgetting about the abuse. But my husband, understandably, has a different perspective. He tries to stay ""strong"" and act as ""normal"" as possible when we get together so that no one thinks anything is ""wrong"" or asks / puts us on the spot."
124	adjudicated	2	I told her about the darkest parts of my soul, and she never flinched. Well, a few days ago, she says that I am too old for her, and she just wants to be friends. I have never been friends with an ex before. But I cared about her enough to try. New Years Day - she calls to tell me about how drunk she got at a party, and how they all played a kissing game (she was the judge, and kissed at least half a dozen people, men and women), and how she was so drunk that some of her friends had to babysit her and even help her pee.
167	adjudicated	2	Almost too well. She extends our date twice, buys us a drink each, starts a make out session which lasts for 2 hours, calls me hot, and although neither of us had a house free she gave me oral too. Although she said she had a great time - which I replied to - I then waited to respond to her next message, and I don't know if that killed any momentum because I was already very delayed when we first got talking of course. Anyway, despite our great date and a second one lined up when I asked her out a day later, she ended up cancelling on me, and then told me a week later that she got more serious with another guy - which to me only translated as him being hot and me being ugly. They broke things off a week later, and she did ask me out again, but at one stage I annoyed her with a jokey message.
269	adjudicated	3	I just wanted to be believed. She said that she would talk to toe - A few days later she came back to me ( after her convo) and claimed that I was being emotionally abusive. That toe is important and that I'm overstepping my boundaries. I don't even know if its all in my head or not but I feel as though toe is just a nasty piece of work that I don't know what to do about it.
181	adjudicated	3	But that's it, just okay. Very recently she has become very very self absorbed, cold and not supportive of me and my goals. She's doing her Masters, I try my best with everything that I can for her, she suffers from generalised anxiety disorder so sometimes she can't even go outside so, I try my best to help her in anyway I can. I pay for her books if she needs some because she can't really afford them, if she needs food I help. I say this like I mind and, I don't I really don't.
444	adjudicated	1	I came to see her perform in a play one night, and brought flowers and saw her after the show. We walked around the city for a bit and then sat in my car quietly for a bit. And she didn't say much, but she looked really worried/close to tears. I didn't know what to make of it at the time. We had made plans for her to visit me in my town during the summer, with a month of notice.
287	adjudicated	1	"this was something he did with my mom as well when they were together, just as some sort of weird game, but it's till like kinda invasive, right? there was also a game called try to get out, he'd pin me down or hold me in various positions and i'd have to try to get out. he'd kiss my neck sometimes too even though i didnt really want him to, ""neck kisses"". i'm pretty sure i expressed my discomfort and he was pretty dismissive for at least a while, although it stopped at some point, but i was at least 9 or something and this stuff was still going on. my grandma says he treats me more like a wife than a daughter."
60	adjudicated	1	He wanted me to say once again that of course I was in the wrong and I need to change my selfish ways and give him the kind of love he deserves. When I stated I need space, he then demanded I be out by midnight tonight. I pointed out I would simply ask our roommate to spend 1 more night in the house as a guest. So he conceded to letting me sleep there tonight. This break up and crossroads is yet another opportunity for me to prioritize my needs in a creative and synergistic way.
231	adjudicated	3	I told him that even though I prefer living on the west coast, I am willing to try living anywhere in the country except for DC, and even then I could do another year or so there, but I couldn’t fathom the idea of spending my life, setting down roots, and starting a family there. He doesn’t seem keen on the idea of doing anything else. I guess I’m just looking for some perspective. After having this big talk we both expressed that we really, really don’t want to break up. Then I begin thinking, if I’m unwilling to move back to DC, and he’s willing to place this notion of an ideal career ahead of me, do we really love each other that much?
218	adjudicated	1	Hi! I live in an apartment block. There are 6 door entrances within a 5 meter proximity, so we can hear our neighbours slightly if they're very loud. I live next to an asian women I've never seen before. I don't know if she lives alone.
325	adjudicated	2	Now six weeks ago, I was asked to contribute $250 to the household, great no issue. Now suddenly (this happened in the space of an hour yesterday and was never discussed with me), my rent has doubled to $500, and my boyfriends tripled to $700. As a full time student who pays every single bill herself, including school, I cannot pay this amount. Now here’s some backstory: the house was going to be foreclosed on due to no one paying the mortgage, bfs mom and sister insist they want to stay and keep this huge, 6 bedroom house. They refuse to rent out the extra rooms to help.
134	adjudicated	2	For me it would start with rent. We got approved for an apartment but some shit happened and we don’t have 1st months anymore so we can’t move in. We still have time to come up with it but I doubt we will before the deadline. After we got that I have an employment opportunity lined up but I can’t start the job until after the baby so I’d just have to manage to keep the rent paid until Dec which would be after due date and minimum recovery time. After that I’d just need to make sure I had some decent savings up by then to get everything I’d need to start the gig.
341	adjudicated	1	All the research are being conducted by Harvard affiliates and cover a huge variety of fields in the social sciences! It's a cool way to help out with research and learn something along the way. Our newest one is on estimation, using images of dogs :) check it out: <url> See other experiments on the website for more surveys that could be relevant to you! Really appreciate it :)
372	adjudicated	2	Despite being younger than him, I have had more experiences with love and sex. He has always been curious about my past and even when I refuse telling him, he always asks me about my experiences with my exes or people who I have slept with. That's okay, I am a curious person too. He's older than me but I'm the first guy he had ever dated and I even took his virginity. The thing is, I know he feels jealous(?
304	adjudicated	1	Our current plan of action is to both apply to be Uber / Lyft drivers and rent or lease a car through one of those two companies. It's a way to make money, and sleeping in a car is infinitely better than sleeping outside. My girlfriend is waiting for the background check, and I need to get a CA driver license before anything (working on it). I'm also using the local library to apply for jobs. I'm a software engineer by trade with many years experience and have had $100k+/yr jobs in the past.
102	adjudicated	1	I’m onto new studies now, erasing my ancient life, my life related to him. That’s how i’m reconstruct myself for now. I plan to see another therapist, someone who could help me without any conditions. I just need help. Thanks for reading, it was difficult, but felt good to finally write it down :)
268	adjudicated	1	"I do feel like some of my trust has been broken. I know he will always prefer to befriend girls, and I'm not the jealous type, but I just need some help with how to respond to him and how to process this whole scenario. What is the best way to process ""emotional"" cheating from the past?   ---   **tl;dr**: My (33F) husband [33M] of 10 years had private chat giving each other sexual advice with female friend/ childhood friend and hid it from me for 2 years."
308	adjudicated	3	I keep it together at work and hear I'm doing great, but I'm always on the edge of falling apart. I've been through tough adjustments before which always suck, but this is hitting me differently, maybe because it's high level/can't and don't want to quit. (But kinda want to win the lotto so I could quit). I want to get through this transition and get good at this job, bit I can't do survival mode much longer. Working too much but idk how to stop.
365	adjudicated	2	I had been raped by two different people as a kid. Between ages 5 to 8 I was raped by someone who's name I wont even call out, and when I was eleven I was raped by this odd couple (the guy raped me, the woman just was present while it was happening). I don't know if it's that or that every time I have had a crush on someone, that someone always fall for one of my best friends, but I really feel like I wont be able to have sex unless I am extremely drunk. It's not really about losing my virginity anymore, because it has already been stolen, but it's about not freaking out. How did you guys do it?
209	adjudicated	2	He told me to never talk to him again and that he found someone else. I was so hurt and depressed. I've tried to talk to him and ask him what I've done to make him feel this way and he just continued to curse me and belittle me. He then ignored me and posted pictures of him and a girl all over his Instagram which he knew that I would see. I wanted to make him jealous too so I posted pictures of me and my friend on Instagram with heart emojis.
363	adjudicated	2	Am I mentally ill? I want to kill myself but I'm to scared to even do that. I'm supposed to be starting college in the fall but I don't think that'll work out well. This entire post is probably gibberish but I haven't slept in almost 2 days and I can't think straight. I don't know what to do but I can't keep doing this.
410	adjudicated	1	It’s why I was okay with paying so much rent for them in the first place. But I don’t have a job anymore. I’m trying to get one again, but I have historically had a hard time finding employment. I have my own rent and bills to pay. I need to get into therapy, and I want to go back to school someday.
29	adjudicated	1	"Much to and fro ensued, form filling, up front payment for surgery, hospital stay, food, meds. Peter the Poet is home now, ordered not to put any weight on his foot for 6 weeks. I'm grateful to the staff of the hospital that inserted a titanium piece to his ""clean brake"" bone. I'm happy he's alive! edited for blatant spelling error"
417	adjudicated	3	I feel terrible for saying this  but, He went away for month and sadly i noticed our family was a little happier and more functional with out him. Recently He's moved from beer and onto spirits, this is where the problems begin. For some reason when he drinks beer he's mellow and approachable. Now that he's drinking spirits. He is the most distingusting person to be around.
387	adjudicated	2	My neighbors, a young gay couple, just had a very loud fight, with lots of objects being thrown around. I've heard shouting matches before, this was different. I wasn't quite sure how to handle it. We went and the door was open so we walked inside to make sure everyone was ok, and nobody was in the process of being killed so we left as we were asked to. There were no visible bruises.
158	adjudicated	1	"Hi guys, I'm a final year psychology student at university, and my dissertation is looking at the association between porn use and romantic relationship satisfaction, as well as sexual satisfaction. The link for my study is <url> I would be grateful to anyone that completes the study. In case after signing in, it redirects you to the main page, the name of my study is ""Pornography Use, Romantic Relationships, and Sexual Satisfaction in Homosexual Men"". Anyone interested in taking part will need to make an account for my university's online survey host site, but none of this information will be shared with me. I will only receive an ID number in case someone wants to withdraw from the questionnaire after completing it (details of how to do so can be found on the participant information sheet, which is attached to the description and introduction of the questionnaire)."
210	adjudicated	2	The chapter we shared together may have ended but the story itself will never change. So here's to you, Babu. Thank you for teaching me so much, for the irreplaceable memories, and for being such an important part of my life. ---   **tl;dr**: I love my current partner, but I think I'll love my first love forever.
240	adjudicated	3	I tried everything at work, from doing meditation, office yoga, to getting a board to keep track of my tasks. Everyday seemed overwhelming, and I slowly started dreading my patient appointments and sometimes rushed through them because I could sense a panic attack coming on. To make matters worse, my supervisor is not the most understanding person. English is not her first language, and it's sometimes very hard to communicate with her in person or in email. I meet with her twice a month to discuss my progress and she never gives me positive feedback, only highlights things I've done wrong and things I don't do.
171	adjudicated	1	I knew I was unhappy in this relationship. He has a very impulsive personality, he destroys his property and overdoses on drugs when he is angry. When I was telling him that I needed some time on my own, he would threaten to kill himself so that I felt obligated to come take care of him (happened 2 times). I would stay because I felt I had the moral obligation to make sure he is okay. I felt very manipulated.
336	adjudicated	1	Pretty normal life. My dad has been suffering of severe depression as long as I can remember, but he always refused to get help. I didn't notice as a child; but it wasn't as bad when I was younger. It really got bad a few years ago, when I was around 15. He gets angry at very little things and when he does, he closes off.
33	adjudicated	1	<url> Goa a go-go. Peters first time abroad and first airplane ride. Day two of our holiday, regardless of road conditions, the driving skills or lack of them, the cows wandering all over the place me and Peter the Poet both decided what we needed was an independent means of travel. So it was we took out a weeks hire on two scooters.
472	adjudicated	3	And now that they have been living separately I had to move back in with my dad (after I couldn’t afford college) and he’s gotten to the point that he won’t even clean up after his dog so the house smells of urine or clean his clothes and all he does is play video games and yell at people. He will smoke weed and go to work and come home and never clean his dishes or anything. He’s turned into this monster who doesn’t care about anyone and will get rid of everyone if they inconvenience him even a little and he’s obsessed with money and making music. Now I have these bad nights a lot when people poke at me about my past, since today someone poked fun at me about an identity issue I used to have and now I’m just in a horrible place. It feels like anxiety is slowly pulling me into my bed.
74	adjudicated	3	"Okay this is driving totally insane and I can't function normally because of it, I have had intrusive thoughts basically for as long as I can remember, though now they are pushing me closer and closer to insanity. I am only focusing on one disturbing thought now which I really only need serious and helpful answers for. To start off, I remember it being the start off 2015 and I was sleeping over at my best friends house who we will call ""J"". Now J and I would always stay up all night when having sleepovers, and this certain night I managed to pull through to 6:30 am 30 minutes after J had fallen asleep, though when I woke up I was in his sisters bed. Now since then up until now, I just assumed that I was literally half asleep and that I was just looking for anywhere comfortable to sleep that wasn't taken in my literally half asleep state of mind (both his sisters had stayed up all night in the living room I've believed up until this moment, also something to keep in mind is that both of us were to young to be consuming alcohol and I have no memory of myself entering their room."
484	adjudicated	2	I left grandma's and I got a tent. It's pretty big. I got it for $30 off some dude high on H. I have a queen size mattress on pallets and two small dressers, two folding chairs, a cooler, a shelf, a speaker box with wood on top for a table. I found some carpet so I put that down. The weather has been crazy.
206	adjudicated	2	But whatever. I got paid today, so food is no longer an emergency and I wouldn't feel right accepting your gifts of compassion. Thank you all so much thoughfor your efforts. I'm in no way in a good position financially at the moment, but at least for the time being I'm not in pain. Thanks again and god bless.
451	adjudicated	1	I had been searching for a new place to live since the start of that 6 month notice but I was not capable of finding anywhere to go mainly due to not being able to afford any additional expenses nor was there any source for me to receive the money I required, and since then I have been living outside for the past 5 weeks. During my stay outdoors, I currently work and maintain 3 jobs; one that pays me officially and 'on the books', while the other two serve as jobs that pay me on the side and 'off the books'. This isn't an easy affair either as they all require me to travel to different locations around the area by walking or use of public transportation, which is one of the expenses I am forced to cover on my own and my lack of sleep does not help matters regarding my performance as these jobs. Currently, and for the past 5 weeks, I've been staying at the beach nearby my old home as this is the only area where I am not told to leave by any authority figures, such as on-site workers and police patrolling the area, and also the only area I felt remotely safe at. Recently the weather has gotten pretty bad and this place is no longer the safe haven it once was for me.
388	adjudicated	2	She starts to cry and apologize as well as tell me that it was all her fault regardless how many times I try to convince her otherwise. As her boyfriend it's extremely painful to watch. On our ride home from the store today she had another breakdown that lasted until we got into the house. However that's when things took a turn for the worse. She had an extremely severe panic attack.
123	adjudicated	2	None of the issues we discuss get addressed. 6) After a while, I get really pissed, my significant other gets angry with me over some issue, and she ends up breaking up with me. I am weary of this whole emotional drama that I have to go through to end a relationship. I almost feel like it's not even my choice to end a relationship. Is there a way to avoid this whole process?
279	adjudicated	1	"Update: I’ve just got a response from my dad. His english is not the best, but he said, “I love you, and I know, you will think is a script love and is only letters but we both love you, time will create and demonstrate the my love was pure with a lot a mistakes as you see it and probably my eyes was block on times god night we love you"". I responded with, “Time means nothing if you don’t do anything with it. The fact that you are waiting for an intangible thing like time to prove your intentions is fantasy."
431	adjudicated	1	I'm not sure if he was lying to me, she never found out the truth, she s lying, I have no idea. I really appreciate everyone's advice. I then mentioned I was under the impression from my parents that we weren't actually related but that I was happy to talk to her and that I didn't actually know. She opened that message and never responded so I guess we'll see what happens. Probably last edit: she said she has gotten a DNA test with him in the last and it says 99% he is her father.
364	adjudicated	2	In a day I went from broke and facing a dark, foreclosed home with no utilities to having enough money to totally catch up on all my bills. Then I had an appointment with my psychiatrist and case worker at the clinic I go to. I shamefully told the doctor there that I had been out of control, off meds, binging on alcohol and not following advice. She explained that it was not surprising for someone with my condition to lose control with all the stress I was facing. She increased my prozac dose and made appointments to follow up and see a therapist and reassured me about many things.
73	adjudicated	1	I’m going to be posting something similar in the anxiety subreddit too but I wanted to talk to you guys about this too. I was formally diagnosed with PTSD, depression and anxiety last year. I’m on medications for this too. I’ve been having a rough week. I haven’t been able to sleep and any sleep I’ve had has been very rough, just the complete opposite of restful.
389	adjudicated	2	I get it, people collect guns as a hobby, this is america. When I saw it I immediately panicked because when I was with one of my abusive exes he bought an AR-15 really close to the end of our relationship and would do things like take it apart and put it back together over and over again in front of me and keep it loaded in our bed and I’ve been terrified of guns of all kinds ever since. I can’t even use a staple gun. This new guy and I just talking and haven’t decided to go on a date yet but it might go that way. Is this something that I’m panicking about because of my past or should I really be concerned?
20	adjudicated	1	") So anyway, she kicked me out and I have been staying in my friend's rumpus room. I have been here just over a week now and I can feel it getting slightly more uncomfortable for everyone here the longer I stay. Problem is though: this is actually the nicest ""room"" I have ever been in, and no one disturbs me. It's great."
119	adjudicated	5	"My intelligent and self-worth were constantly, viciously attacked. Eventually, I gave up on school, I lapsed into depression (was suicidal for awhile) and just stumbled through each day in a daze. My grades went from straight A's to D's and F's at midterms that I'd barely get up to low C's at the last minute. Of course, mom used this as further reason to berate me for being ""stupid"" and ""worthless"". She also began blaming me for ""giving up on life"" at the ripe old age of 14."
367	adjudicated	2	"Before I could tell Erik we should go outside he threw me back onto the bed saying, ""yeah, you will make a deal. You will show me everything that you do behind my back, you fucking liar. You are always on your phone talking to guys and now you will show me everything!"" Erik had me on my bed laying pushed against the wall while he laid down on me with his full body weight. His body is so big and heavy it was making it harder and harder for me to breath as he was crushing me."
127	adjudicated	1	The two women sitting out front were his family. They are all African immigrants and don’t primarily speak English. They were the ones who handed me the phone. The police came by yesterday to talk again to my neighbors while I was at work. My husband told me last night that the man died.
310	adjudicated	3	However, I can't kick the Lyme. None of the specialists who treat Chronic Lyme are covered by insurance (because it isn't recognized by the CDC), and I'm so broke I can't justify buying myself hot food not covered by Food Stamps, let alone seeing a doctor I'd have to pay out of pocket. I'm terribly afraid of getting spinal fusion while still being this saturated with Lyme Disease. Lyme Disease gets much worse if it gets in your spinal column and brain, and getting myself all cut up for surgery with Lyme in my system..... I'm afraid I'll get worse.
162	adjudicated	3	"My ""symptoms"": I know this probably isn't nothing compared what other people go through. I even thought this didn't affect me, I thought most people go through either the same or worse, until I was about 20 years old. But once every day, or every 2-3 days, I get intense, intrusive memories about these events. I feel extreme anger and hate, my heart rate goes sky high, sometimes even my hands start shaking."
333	adjudicated	5	As a high school junior, I'm always severely depressed whenever I make poor grades on something to the extent I'm always on the verge of crying. Every time this happens, I always feel like my future is bleak and hopeless, my rank is gonna drop like hell, and I'm worthless compared to the other people who do better than me. I'm always driven to think lesser of myself in comparison to other people and I always hate myself because of it. Now the pain is becoming unbearable to the point I nearly start screaming, sobbing alone in my bedroom out of grief. It's only the beginning of my junior year and I feel like hell has already descended upon me and there's little I can actually do.
135	adjudicated	3	He would refuse to kiss me or touch me because I was a contaminant and he would obsess about how clean and lovely Japanese idols are, etc. He would often say to me that if he ever met an Asian woman he would dump me immediately. The sexual requirements were a very stringent hygiene ritual, followed with putting on one of his idol videos and I would dress as whatever the girl was wearing such as a maid costume or whatever. He would keep his eyes on the screen while I basically gave him a blow job. Very rarely he would have sex with me, I suppose because it would mean having to look at me more than the screen, so he'd prefer just a blow job.
358	adjudicated	1	He was my best buddy in high school and we’re still really close. And my girlfriend, who goes to school in DC, is home too so I can see her. I’m grateful for them but wish I had a bigger friend group from home that I was still close to. I’ve loved college, but haven’t really found a new best friend yet. I’ve still kinda struggled with feeling like an outsider and not really fitting in.
83	adjudicated	1	Now my dad is doing his best to cope while trying to care for my niece who is special needs. He has noone out in Mississippi with him. I need to go out there for a month and help him sort through all of moms things since she left behind a huge mess for him to deal with. He is finding out that she was paying for accidental life insurance and there was no actual life insurance policy put into place. The bills have been stacking the past few months and he just needs a break.
188	adjudicated	3	My boyfriend and I are out of options, night has fallen and we have no place to stay for the night. We're terrified beyond all reason. Neither of us has been this bad off before, and all nearby shelters have closed their doors for the night. All we have are two suitcases with our clothes and our phones. Where do we sleep in the city?
496	adjudicated	3	I’m so tired of people evaluating me visually and telling me “I look fine” when 3 TBIs and complex PTSD are, by nature, invisible. I feel so alone in this, and judged because my resilience activities, running and lifting, make me appear perfectly normal. I’m desperate to overcome these issues, especially given my profession and the need to operate in crowded conditions. Army docs dismiss my problems because I look capable and am a high-achiever despite it all, even questioning whether the incident resulting in my PH “actually happened”. I need someone to believe me.
256	adjudicated	3	We were living together and life was pretty sweet. But she's my ex for a reason, right? In any case, the last two years after college got rough eventually. We were both working and things just piled up in the worst possible way. We didn't agree on how to take care of a pet.
442	adjudicated	1	If it is negative, don't reject the thought. Follow the thought as far as your mind wants to, and move on when you notice another thought arise. Again, this creates a barrier between you and your mind. * Flow: Have you ever played a game where you are completely in the moment? Maybe the ball was just thrown to you, and your body seems to react automatically.
247	adjudicated	2	I don't necessarily want to come out and tell my story in hopes that someone bites. But I'm a survivor of psychological and physical abuse as a child... the abuser is my younger sister's dad. She is 20 and I'm 26. She isn't old enough to remember all that me and our older sister went thru. She defends him so much...
257	adjudicated	2	I don't know why this happened, but I use to have these really bad panic attacks up until about a decade ago. Since then I've been having what feels like one long one. For 9 years I've been in a constant state of panic. It's not as severe as the full blown ones but I'm always short of breath, jittery, with an increased heart rate, a bit warm and super aware of my surroundings. At times I feel like I'm one loud noise away from pulling a seizure or losing consciousness and if I take my mind off my breathing I would stop.
306	adjudicated	2	I've been renting since university and I'm getting sick of seeing the same amount of money I'd pay towards a mortgage go into the pocket of someone else. I have a junior role in the company, it's going somewhere (I hope) but not fast. I find financially I'm staying basically cash-neutral and my quality of life isn't brilliant. I'm not managing to save anything. I've been thinking that I should get a house with the money I inherited.
486	adjudicated	3	Before he left he said several times that he still wants to be with me but he needs time.... -- I can't believe we are on such different pages and it was also so unexpected. I feel like he drops these bombs on me and Im left to pick up the pieces and wait around for him. --
182	adjudicated	3	Yet no matter what I do the feeling of unwantedness and just pure hopelessness never fades. I  don't really know what I'm doing anymore. Is there anywhere out there where I can just  pack my stuff and live alone? Is there someone I can talk to about all  this or some kind of help for things like this? I'm currently alone and  have no one to talk about any of this.
415	adjudicated	4	"Just a simple ""seen"" status can get me into a deep downward spiral of anxiety that suppresses my hunger, takes away my will to do anything, makes me nauseous, takes away my sleep. As soon as the person texts back, I immediately feel okay. I've had relationships with girls that I've felt this way. Both times it was long term and both times I ended it. I somehow find a way to ignore every good thing I had thought before and find all that I feel she misses on other girls."
452	adjudicated	1	**Get a new phone**. One option is to purchase an inexpensive, reloadable cell phone from any major retailer. These phones, commonly referred to as “burner phones” will have no connection to the abuser and can help you keep in touch with your support system. Another option is to visit a retail location for your provider and have them move you over to a new plan. If they don’t offer you a new phone with the plan, make sure they perform a factory reset of the device to ensure any apps that could track your location are removed.
290	adjudicated	3	Exercise has helped in the past with my anxiety but since I have been having my recent dealings of anxiety I have been finding it harder to get active. A triggering factor of my anxiety over the last few weeks has been an increased heart rate. Sometimes if I stand up too fast/run up the stairs my heart starts pounding and then my mind spirals into the fear of a heart attack and my heart beat just keeps increasing till the point of anxiety. I have been taking walks and my heart rate would increase (naturally) and I would get the fear and my fears would multiple till the point when I would be close to a panic attack. I would like to start riding my bike again or working out in general but I am afraid of:
480	adjudicated	3	I told her I wanted to stay because I was told I was one of the best in the club, and for a while I was in the England squad. She convinced me “they probably say this to everyone to make them stay” and I believed her. I wasn’t allowed to wash, style my hair, shave or choose my own clothes. If I did any of these things a landslide of arguments would arise. “Who are you trying to impress?
85	adjudicated	2	"This may be a ridiculous question, but I feel like I go to pee way to many times more than average and It's starting to make me insane. I wanted to get this out of my mind. I think it may be a psychological problem, like an anxiety ""symptom"". Because when I'm at home for an entire day, it's fine. But when I'm in school or in any other public place I get that thought: ""What if I suddenly have to go while I'm doing an exam?"""
332	adjudicated	4	I just don't know what's real anymore. I can't live with everyone in my life thinking that I'm crazy AND a hysterical slut. I just can't do this anymore. I'm so ashamed I can't be in this skin anymore. I'm starting to get scared.
159	adjudicated	2	Throwaway, changed names, etc... My ex and i dated for about 2 years and had an incredible relationship. Traveling, great sex, got along with each others family’s, you get the point. This was also my first serious relationship. “Steph” was the kind of girl who didnt click too well with other girls, so she gravitated towards guy friends more often.
177	adjudicated	1	Around 5 months ago I started talking to Q. She's a coworker of mine who I've admired since I started at my job three years ago. I respected her and wanted to be friends, but we never talked or ran in the same social circles. 5 months ago, she invited me to a concert that her husband couldn't attend. We went as friends, had a blast, went out dancing afterwards, everything was Kosher.
108	adjudicated	3	I have an extremely ironic sense of humour and my friends seem to get along with it. So it's generally easy to be extroverted around them, especially with the alcohol that is usually associated with our meet ups. I opened up to two people, one of them is my best mate he just took everything in and offers me support when I ask for it, but generally stays away from the topic. The other person is a girl who confessed her fucked up brain to me, and I impulsively did the same back. We talk about each others feelings a lot, and I think that helping her is one of the very few ways I can feel any sort of happiness.
242	adjudicated	2	As I kid, I had been pretty anxious and nervous, but they were negligible. I only got anxious when there was something happening, like giving presentation etc. They did not tamper with my everyday life and I was not concerned with them. But recently, I felt like my anxiety has developed into a new level. I got so damn anxious for every day stuff.
172	adjudicated	1	"This question is not meant to be disrespectful in any way, shape, or form to people who 1) are actually diagnosed autistic, or 2) are in no way autistic, but just suffer from severe social anxieties. This is just about my experience and people who may relate. So, throughout my life, I sometimes struggled with the feeling that there is something ""different"" about myself. A lot of the time I've convinced myself it was just because of low self-esteem, paranoia, or a desire to have some type of diagnosis that would help ""solve"" or explain my awkwardness or social issues. People warn me not to jump to conclusions and it's easy to self-diagnose online in this day and age."
115	adjudicated	3	I’m asking now because my partner told me to eat a chicken schnitzel Parma instead of my ham and cheese sandwich. I freaked out. I almost had a full-on fight with him because I didn’t want to. Felt like I couldn’t. I almost broke down into tears.
35	adjudicated	1	"After doing this twice, she sent me a message on Instagram about a month ago saying ""how dare I check out of her life and pretend to still care about her or her family"" and that she ""didn't think things would turn out THIS badly"" for the two of us in terms of ""remaining friends."" We had tried being ""just friends"" several times, but we pushed that barrier several times. We even mutually discussed it. I thought this was something we both wanted, but perhaps I was wrong? Her husband is in a line of work in which he interfaces with large groups of people."
37	adjudicated	1	I think is important to mention that I'm plannin on going full work from home as soon I have some savings for it..... Thanks Edit 1: thanks each of you that are giving your opinion on the matter, I'm reading and re reading each of your comment, I'll respond when I have time but I taking my time reading and understanding each comment. Thank you all again **TL;DR: I will take care of my little brother because my mother is in an abusive relationship, I need advice to not mess up**
34	adjudicated	1	"She's the first person I've ever really opened up to. I haven't told her everything about whats happened, but she does know about my anxiety (which I get from my PTSD) and she reacts sportively to it. To some extent, I let me be ""myself"" around her, whatever I am. She's moving. She's moving to Maryland."
1	adjudicated	2	It was two months ago and since then, we've been both trying to make some efforts to make our relationship great again (sorry for the reference, but I confess the phrase is catchy), but she's still not sure and is still often distant... Sometimes she says I love You, and sometimes she's not sure again... I don't really know what it means to not know what one feels for another. I guess it's a thing, and I try to accept that, but I don't know how to react, what to do, what to think... I was so happy with her, I just feel overwhelmingly sad and can't help ask myself what a did wrong, what I should do, where this is going.
315	adjudicated	4	"I'm sorry if I didn't post this in the right place and such, it'd be really comforting if someone had this as well and told me about it. edit: another way to describe it may be a million thoughts at once. it's really irritable. It's not like I'm thinking ""what if"" as I have seen many people describe, it's just random things, imagine 100 TV channels playing at once and you know what none of them are about or to do with you. It's also very sudden, like an attack."
470	adjudicated	2	Hi everyone, also posted on r/rapecounseling. Sorry for my english, it’s not my mother tongue. Past few months were pretty rough and I think i’m finally ready to write it down, like if I needed it… I was raped by a “friend” (let’s call him L), the exact day I met my actual boyfriend (let’s call him N), 5 years ago. L wasn’t really a friend of mine, I never appreciated him, but he was closely related to my best friend at the time.
101	adjudicated	3	I broke of my longest relationship so far with my Gf of 6 months because I thought I didn't love her, afterwards I felt fine for the first week and then I started to miss her. I had a one night stand with a random girl that I met through snapchat, felt disgusted afterwards at myself since it was only two weeks after the break-up. We attend the same school and I feel like someone is crushing my heart whenever I see her or if I see that she's sent me a text. She was one of my best friends and now when i talk to her on social media i feel like I am talking to a stranger. We are meeting tomorrow after school and she's coming over to get her stuff.
150	adjudicated	2	I was younger than 13 during my period of abuse and one thing I'm noticing now is that I can't wrap my head around consent. People tell me that I couldn't possibly consent to anything that happened, even if I asked for it. That I didn't even know what was happening to me. It doesn't feel that way to me. On paper, I get that.
404	adjudicated	3	"I have extremely depressed and yes I've thought about suicide, but my family needs me alive, they need me or they may die, it's very dire where they live. I need pointers on how to find a good city to be homeless in, how to obtain a mailing address so I don't lose my SSDI (they've already pulled the stunt of ""you have 10 days from this mailing to respond or you are kicked off of SSDI, give us your last 5 years records) they've done this 4 times already in the past 10 years. I've been rejected for DSS services, no food stamps, I'm losing medicaid (but still have medicare, for now), no housing help (waiting list here is years), and only one agency is still willing to help me, a job agency, and the workers there are very distraught over my situation as they've tried very hard with me to help me get a good job. I have about 10 solid skills but I keep getting turned away and we cannot figure out why? I don't use drugs or alcohol, haven't even smoked weed since a teen and I'm about 61 years old."
379	adjudicated	2	I see her as a distressed and confused, hurting person. In part, this was out of my hands. They filed on my behalf. But the guilt of all this will do to her is hard to deal with. I'll keep breathing and moving forward.
498	adjudicated	2	I was laid off work temporarily and the insurance I was getting stopped over a week ago suddenly. I can't get back to work until next Monday earliest. I sold some stuff online locally a few days ago, got more stuff listed but it's not moving and almost all of what I made online went to fee's when I renewed my license plates. I have literally nothing but a few days more of plain rice left. I figured I may as well give this sub a shot.
493	adjudicated	3	"I don't have PTSD, I know how debilitating it is for you guys who do, but I thought I'd post in here because you might be aware of the symptoms and see if there's any connection? Basically I used to be severely bullied back in school and I've never gotten over it. I have nightmares, and even like ""day-mares"", where something somebody does or says makes me remember something that happened, suddenly, and it makes me lose all concentration as I just stare into space remembering the event. Sometimes they're recurring, sometimes they pop out of some dark corner of my mind, where all the oppressed memories are. I've never fully recovered, and I've only recently got to a place where nobody takes the piss out of me for some reason or another."
491	adjudicated	1	I fully expect to be asked for a higher deposit due to my rental history in the past three years. It is hard to decide. Do I take the bit of cash I've stashed to rent a storage and a truck to move stuff out ASAP? If I do that, I get a bit of the rent back plus my deposit. Once I store stuff.
25	adjudicated	3	"I'm 20, and just got kicked out of my grandmother's house spur of the moment. No idea why, she refuses to tell me, just started throwing things at me and told me ""It's not safe for me to be there."" I do still have my car, and I have a job so I can afford it. My question is how legal is it to do so? It's a small car, and I'm 6'8, so I doubt I'll get much sleep anyways, but if I do, I wouldn't want to get woken up by police telling me to move, or worse, getting impounded or something."
425	adjudicated	1	I've been assured this last repair will fix everything, however it won't be out of the shop until late next week. I'm $200 short on rent. I have money from a TSP coming to me, however I just sent in the paperwork today, and it usually takes about 2 weeks for the money to get to me (especially with the holiday). I will be able to repay this $200 in about 2 weeks, and have no problem paying interest. I live in Philadelphia, PA.
405	adjudicated	3	I am also not sure if I should press charges on my mother for stealing my identity, or even bother looking into the student loan fraud. Student loan fraud is incredibly difficult to prove, and reporting identity theft would be a lengthy process. The debt is paid and I almost feel like just running away and forgetting about it. I am 26 and truly terrified because, though I have been on my own before, I have never been completely alone or financially independent. I am shocked and horrified by everything that has happened to me in the last year.
291	adjudicated	2	Here's the link to my amazon wish list where the two items are: <url> If the link doesn't work, let me know. The extra $1.25 an hour doesn't seem like much but I'm the sole supporter at the moment for a family of 7 and it's going to make a small, but huge difference for us. Please and thank you!
488	adjudicated	4	I recognise that he was not very nice but I can't get him out of my mind, I crave his attention and just wish he would want me. I know this is not healthy and good for me, but it is how I feel. I feel like I need him to tell me why he stopped loving me and what's wrong with me so I can change, but ultimately he's just not interested and I shouldn't really respect the opinion of an arsehole anyway! So I'm feeling very lost and still isolated. As I said, I seem to gravitate towards people who are not good for me and I have ended friendships recently which were obviously toxic for me.
483	adjudicated	2	Recently a family member of mine called the police on their boyfriend bc he strangled her and beat her. His charges are strangulation and M2 simple assault. She, for now, doesn't want to press charges which is extremely frustrating. She could possibly save a life by doing so. This man has single handedly ruined her life and has been in trouble with the law time and time again.
221	adjudicated	2	Plus she sent him pictures of her ultrasound. Now I'm just heart-broken because I was head over heels for this guy and I'm also disgusted by what he did to this girl. I don't know how to confront him about this or how to handle this situation properly. I am going to break up with him, but what do I do after I end it? Do I tell his fiancee?
208	adjudicated	3	"I also added up the value of everything I can possibly remember that's either missing or destroyed, and it reaches over 2,100 dollars...and that's a lenient estimate, I definitely rounded down. But I'd love to charge another grand for mental anguish or whatever. The whole ordeal has been like Trigger-City for someone like me who is struggling to recover from mental illnesses and over a year and 9 months clean after 10-12 years of substance abuse. I'm also receiving supportive services from a county program aimed at helping mentally ""screwed up"" people become independent, for lack of a better term. What's cool about the service is that I get a case manager who I can call for advice and in turn checks on me and referred me to a halfway house which only lasts 30 days but it's much better than having to stay at the local shelter, which might be my only option come June..."
383	adjudicated	3	It may have been those emotional mute buttons that PTSD can sometimes press? I don't know. But recently I suddenly have all these flare-ups of anger that I don't really know what to do with. It takes every ounce of my being to control myself sometimes, and I feel lucky that I have been able to keep things relatively under control. I do occasionally do little things I'm not proud of, and I'm worried this will be a problem if I don't know any coping strategies.
482	adjudicated	3	I realized how small nuances subconsciously give me thoughts without me feeding into it. They feed into itself and I watch it do it all on its own, and it causes responses in my body and anxiety without trying. It's almost as is if another person is living in here but what it is, it's all instinctual. The awareness has given me a better grasp on things but it feels like an illness now with this new perspective because it comes over me like one. It's like being drugged and having no control over the effects, and you have no choice but to let it occur, and you fight any urges it gives you, although you may be aware of it happening.
400	adjudicated	1	He kept the pressure on my throat and I felt as if I was going to die or become unconscious. Erik finally let go only to hit me in my head a few times. I felt very scared from not being able to breath. Every time I tried begging Erik to stop he told me to shut up, that I was not allowed to talk. Erik used my hair as handles to bash my head on the wall at several different times throughout the attack.
381	adjudicated	2	My sister is an alcoholic, which is something that seems to run in the family. Everytime my mother invites her over to spend the night, she has to hide all her beer and wine in a futile attempt to keep my sister from drinking it all. However, my sister always sneaks alcohol into the house anyway, and is drunk by nightfall. Then the arguments start. Usually they start over something like dinner not being done soon enough, or because my mother found the boxed wine my sister smuggled in, or because my mother simply said something that stuck in my sister's craw.
22	adjudicated	2	So I've had PTSD a few years now, coming up on a decade as of December 2018, and in the last year or so I've undergone a lot of change, for the best. I figured since I've found these things to be very important in my fight against this, that I'd share them here. First thing first is to mention therapy. You've got to do it, and it's going to fucking hurt. Medication is also important if you need it.
42	adjudicated	2	The few gal friends I associate with are either in relationships or kind of just brush me off or fake like they want to hang out but really don’t when the time comes. My school has no clubs whatsoever, so I can’t really meet anybody that way. I do go to a fairly small school though, around 7,000 students. I always wanted to be in that group that always hangs out. So I honestly don’t know what to do or how to go about this situation.
6	adjudicated	1	I cannot remember for a fact what age we were and for exactly how long the abuse occurred. But of course I can say for sure there is a 5-year age gap between us, me being younger and female. For some reason the age 8 keeps popping into my head as to how old I was when it happened. I may have been a tiny bit older, but I don't think much younger. I know for sure it happened on more than one occasion (so I don't believe this was experimental / curiosity adolescent sexual play).
330	adjudicated	2	They have changed since we first met. I don't feel attracted to the person they actually are compared to who they seemed to be when we first met. I know as you get to know people more, you learn more facets of their personality, but they just aren't a great person honestly... When we first met, they were incredibly sensitive and sweet. They portrayed themselves as a feminist (which is important, but not an end-all be-all for me), they were very in-touch with their emotions, and just came across like someone I'd love to be around.
